1. The Fool
Although you don’t know where you are going, you are being called to commit yourself and follow your heart, no matter the drastic leap of faith it might seem to be. The Fool encourages you to have an open and curious mind. Now is a time of potential and opportunity to be daring and carefree. This card is the embodiment of a free spirit, your inner child and a playful soul. You never know what the future holds, but like the Fool, you must step into the unknown, trusting that the Universe will catch you and escort you along the way. Take a chance and see what happens.
2. The Fool Reversed
You have conceived a new project but aren’t ready to bring it to fruition choosing to keep this idea to yourself. You worry that you don’t have the tools, skills and resources to succeed. You may fear the unknown, wondering “What am I getting myself into”. On the other hand you might be risking and acting recklessly in an attempt to live in the moment. But in the process you have disregarded the consequences. Look at how you can bring the free spirit of the fool without harming others.
3. The Magician
The Magician is the master manifestor. You have the spiritual (fire), physical (earth), mental (air) and emotional (water) resources to manifest your desires. Now is the ideal time to move forward on an idea. In your quest to manifest your goals, you must establish a clear vision of what you will create (and why) before you act. It is not enough to be motivated by ego (money, status, or fame) – you need to have a soul connection to your goals and intentions.When you are clear about your ‘what’ and your ‘why’, the Magician calls on you to take inspired action. You will need focused attention and intense concentration to bring your goals to fruition.
4. The Magician Reversed
The reversed Magician shows you are exploring what you wish to manifest, but you are not taking action yet. You are uncertain if you have everything you need and may be unsure about how to make it happen. If you are already acting on your goal, the reversed Magician can be a sign that you are struggling to see progress or success. At its worst, the reversed Magician signifies greed, manipulation and trickery. You may be masterful at manifesting, but if you are out of touch with your Higher Self, you may only do it for your personal gain and at the expense of others.
5. The High Priestess
This card teaches you that the world is not always as it seems and more profound influences are often at play. Now is the time to be still so you can tune in toyour intuition. The answers you are seeking will come from within, from your deepest truth and ‘knowing’. This is a signal that you are being called to embrace the Divine Feminine – your connection to your intuition, compassion, empathy, and inner wisdom. Regardless of your gender, it is vital for you to balance and integrate your masculine and feminine energies. Be proud of your ability to nurture, trust, sense, and empathise instead of hiding it away.
6. The High Priestess Reversed
The reversed High Priestess calls on you to be still and direct your attention inward to listen to your voice and wisdom. You may be swayed by other people’s opinions or swept up in their drama when what you really need to do is focus on what is right for you. It is time to get quiet and withdraw yourself from the external world to observe what your inner guidance is sharing with you now. Ask yourself: Do I struggle to trust my intuition fully? Perhaps you doubt yourself or feel silly or guilty for listening to your intuition, and as a result, you deny your ability to tune in and receive this potent information. Have faith in the Universe and allow yourself to be in flow with its energies. Surrender and let go.
7. The Empress
The Empress calls on you to connect with your feminine energy. Create beauty in your life. Connect with your senses through taste, touch, sound, smell and sight. Draw on these senses to experience pleasure and deep fulfilment. Treat yourself to a day spa, learn massage, enjoy a fine restaurant or spend more time withyour partner. Discover different approaches to expressing yourself creatively too. When you are in tune with the energy of the Empress, you will naturally take on her mothering nature. You feel a strong urge to nurture and care for others, from a place of loving compassion and support. Allow yourself the time and the space to enter a different frame of mind and receive the grounding spirit of nature into your heart and consciousness.When you do this, you can reach higher planes of consciousness.
8. The Empress Reversed
Reversed, the Empress encourages you to make self-love and self-care a priority. Now is the time to bring your loving energy and focus to yourself, especially if you have been giving away your personal power by placing too much emphasis on another person’s emotional or material needs. Too much emphasis on another person’s emotional or material needs, thus neglecting your own. The reversed can also suggest that you are feeling a creative block, especially in ‘birthing’ a new idea or expressing yourself creatively. You may worry whether it will be a success or if your work is appealing to others. For now, don’t bother about what others think. The important thing is that you areallowing your creative energy to flow.
9. The Emperor
In general represents a powerful leader who demands respect and authority. Status, power and recognition are essential to you, and you are most comfortable in a leadership role where you can command and direct others. The Emperor reflects a system bound by rules and regulations. You create law and order by applying principles or guidelines to a specific situation. Create calm out of chaos by breaking down any problem into its parts and then mapping out the actions you need to take to resolve it. Be systematic, strategic and highly organised in your approach, and stick to your plan until the end. You may be a teacher, coach, boss, or just a good friend who likes to take what you have learned and pass it on so that others can be as wise and powerful as you.
10. The Emperor Reversed
The reversed Emperor calls on you to assess your relationship with power, control, authority, responsibility and discipline. Are you expressing too much or too little of these elements in your life right now? Are they working for you or against you? The card can suggest an overuse and abuse of authoritative power surrounding you. Consider the role that power plays in your life. Seek to find a solution where you lead from a place of personal power and enable others to do the same. Power can be equally and constructively distributed – you don’t need to take it from others, nor do you need to give yours away. Sometimes, the reversed Emperor asks you to stand up to authority. You may feel fed up with an overbearing boss or a hierarchical organisation and feel compelled to enter a more flexible and adaptive environment.
11. The Hierophant
Before you can discover your own belief systems and make your own choices, the Hierophant encourages you to learn the fundamental principles from a trusted source. Work with a teacher, mentor, or guide to teach you about spiritual values and beliefs in a structured way. He may be an authority or a kind and generous mentor who nurtures your spiritual awareness and helps you access the Divine by understanding the traditions and core principles. You may also undertake a period of formal study as you delve into a subject that has been widely explored and documented. If you have already mastered a particular field of study, you may be taking on the role of teacher and mentor to others. In this position, you honour and acknowledge your responsibility to share your knowledge in a structured way, one that respects the age-old traditions. This card is about identifying with others and a way of thinking that will prompt further learning.
12. The Hierophant Reversed
The reversed Hierophant reminds you that you are your own teacher. All the wisdom you seek comes from within – not from some external source or power. You are being guided to follow your own path and adopt your own spiritual belief systems rather than blindly following others. You no longer need external approval to succeed. You are ready to go it alone and do it your way, even if that means going against convention. Give yourself permission to trust your inner guidance system as you create your own path forward. This card is about challenging the status quo. You see alternative ways of viewing the world and are ready to test the very ideas and concepts you were taught were the ‘truth’. Encourage yourself to examine ‘the way we do things around here’ and ask yourself whether it aligns with your values. You may have been running on autopilot so far and following the crowd, but now you see that changes need to be made.
13. The Lovers
The Lovers represents conscious connections and meaningful relationships, as well as open communication and raw honesty. At its heart, the Lovers is about choice. The choice about who you want to be in this lifetime, how you connect with others and on what level, and about what you will and won’t stand for. To make good choices, you need to be clear about your personal beliefs and values – and stay true to them. Not all decisions will be easy either. Which can be a sign that you are facing a moral dilemma and must consider all consequences before acting. Your values system is being challenged. Do not carry out a decision based on fear or worry or guilt or shame. Now, more than ever, you must choose love – love for yourself, love for others and love for the Universe. Choose the best version of yourself.
14. The Lovers Reversed
Now might be a time when you’re out of sync with those around you, particularly your loved ones. You may find your relationships are strained and communication is challenging. Does it seem as if you are just not on the same page and no longer share the same values? If so, come back to the reason you have this person in your life. If you love them unconditionally, know this moment shall pass and the best you can do is bring love and compassion to the situation. In other cases, you may realise that you have simply grown apart and it’s time to move on. You may be reluctant to open your heart to the relationship for fear of getting hurt. The reversed Lovers also speaks to self-love and respect. To what extent do you honour and accept who you are and the value you offer in this world? Be mindful, too, if you look at other people and wish you were more like them.
15. The Chariot
The Chariot is a card of willpower, determination and strength. You have discovered how to make decisions in alignment with your values, and now you are taking action on those decisions. Now isn’t the time to be passive in the hope that things will work out in your favour. Take focused action and stick to the course, no matter what challenges may come your way. If you are curious about whether you have what it takes to achieve your aim or complete an important project, the Chariot is a sign you will be successful so long as you keep your focus and remain confident in your abilities. Be bold in expressing your desires and laying down your boundaries; otherwise, you will not get your way. You need to have faith in yourself and know fundamentally who you are and what you stand for.
16. The Chariot Reversed
The reversed chariot tells you to slow down on an idea or project, you might be trying to push a project forward when really, you ought to back off or change direction. Or you might have lost your motivation and no longer feel as committed to the outcomeas you did when you started. So, if something is not moving forward as you planned, re-evaluate the situation and check in to see if it’s a sign that you need to change course.Then ask yourself: Is there a deeper reason things have become more challenging? What lesson can I learn here? Similarly, the Chariot reversed suggests that you may be trying to manage every minute detail in your life – but in doing so, you feel even more out of control. Loosen your grip and let things run their course. Be open to offers of help and then be grateful for what you receive, even if it’s not perfectly aligned with your expectations. You do not always have to be in the driver’s seat!
17. Strength
Strength card speaks to the inner strength and the human spirit's ability to overcome any obstacle. Strength is about knowing you can endure life’s obstacles. You have great stamina and persistence, balanced with underlying patience and inner calm at this time. You are committed to what you need to do, and you go about it in a way that shows your composure and maturity. You need to have the confidence to overcome any growing fears, challenges or doubts. You have got what it takes to see this situation through to its eventual end. You’re a loyal friend and a solid supporter, willing to step up and be present when others are in need, and you might also feel compelled to hold space for someone who needs your strength and support.
18. Strength Reversed
When the reversed Strength card appears in a Tarot reading, tune in to your current levels of inner strength, confidence and self-belief. Are you overflowing with self-confidence, or are you depleted? And how can you bring these aspects back into balance? Check in on your energy levels right now. You may be sluggish, particularly if you have been dedicating yourself to serving others or have been pushing hard to achieve a goal. The reversed Strength card is your invitation to take stock and restore your energy levels by resting and withdrawing for a temporary period. It’s vital that you take care of yourself so you can take care of others.
19. The Hermit
The Hermit shows that you are taking a break from everyday life to draw your energy and attention inward and find the answers you seek, deep within your soul. You realise that your most profound sense of truth and knowledge is within yourself and not in the distractions of the outside world. This card invites you to retreat into your private world and experience a deep sense of seclusion and introspection. You know that you need to take this journey alone or with a small, intimate group of spiritually minded people. The Hermit often appears when you are at a pivotal point in your life and considering a new direction. Through meditation, contemplation, and self-examination, you may begin to re-evaluate your personal goals and change your overall course.
20. The Hermit Reversed
The reversed Hermit can go one of two ways: you are not taking enough time for personal reflection, or you are taking too much. If you struggle to connect with your spiritual self,the Hermit reversed encourages you to create more space to meditate and reflect. It is time to go deeper into your inner being and rediscover your greater purpose on this earth. If you have already been spending a lot of time reflecting on your inner self, then the reversed Hermit may suggest that you may be taking this isolation thing too far. Are you becoming a literal hermit and cutting yourself off from others? Do not underestimatethe value of staying connected with others, even while you are going through your spiritualjourney. Be mindful, too, of other people’s needs. You do not want to become so absorbed inyourself and your personal dilemmas that you shut out your family and friends.
21. The Wheel of Fortune
The Wheel of Fortune reminds you that the wheel is always turning and life is in a state of constant change. If you’re going through a difficult time, rest assured that it will get better from here. Good luck and good fortune will make their return in time. This card asks you to be optimistic and have faith that the Universe will take care of your situation in the best way possible. Meditation and visualisation can reinforce your intention to bring increased abundance, good fortune and prosperity to you. Your life is about to turn in more positive directions if you are willing to grow and expand. Keep your mind open to all kinds of synchronicities and signs from the Universe. You may be coming to a critical turning point in your life. Opportunities you could never imagine are suddenly available to you, and you have the chance to make a significant change in your life. While it may be unexpected and unfamiliar, see this as an invitation to turn things around.
22. The Wheel of Fortune Reversed
You may experience unexpected change or negative forces could be at play, leaving you helpless. You have a choice: you can do nothing and hope things will get better, or you can act to improve your situation. See this moment as your opportunity to take control of your destiny and get your life back on track. The reversed Wheel of Fortune can also reflectresistance to change, particularly if you feel it forced upon you. This card suggests that change has become a source of significant stress, and you may be trying to consciously or subconsciously stop events from running their course. Accept that change is inevitable and you will have a much-improved experience when you can go with the flow. On the positive side,the reversed Wheel of Fortune might mean that you are finally breaking a negative cycle that has been present in your life. Perhaps you have realised how your actions have createda repetitive situation and are now ready to break free from the cycle.
23. Justice
The Justice card represents justice, fairness, truth and the law. You are being called to account for your actions and will be judged accordingly. If you have acted in alignment with your Higher Self and for the greater good of others, you have nothing to worry about. However, if you haven’t, you will be called out and made to own up to your actions. If you seek justice, then the Justice card is a positive sign that it will indeed be served.The Justice card often appears when you need to make an important choice with the potential for long-term repercussions. Be aware of the impact your decisions will have on your well-being and the well-being of others. At its core, Justice is about the search for truth.As you explore your truth, you will discover that things are not as clear-cut as you had thought. Be prepared to dip into the murky waters and explore what truth means to you.
24. Justice Reversed
The reversed Justice card can suggest that internally, you know you’ve done something that isn’t morally right. Others may not see it yet, so you have a choice: you can hide it and hope no-one finds out, or you can own up to your mistakes and take focused action to resolve the situation. Whichever you choose, you will need to live with the consequences on your conscience, so go with what feels right for you. Similarly, the card suggests that you are not willing to take full accountability for your actions and may try to ‘dodge the bullet’ and blame others for your mistakes. You are being dishonest with yourself and others – and your unwillingness to look beyond your own fears and ego blinds you to the broader lesson. The card can also indicate your inner critic is in full effect. You may be evaluating your every move and coming down hard on yourself when you misstep. If this resonates, start from a place of forgiveness and self-acceptance.
25. The Hanged Man
The Hanged Man can sometimes reflect that you are feeling stuck or restricted in your life. What is holding you in this ‘stuck’ position? What is preventing you from moving forward?The Hanged Man calls you to release the old mental models and behavioural patterns that no longer serve you so you can see your world from a new perspective and embrace new opportunities that would have otherwise been hidden from you if you didn’t hit the brakes. These ‘pauses’ can bevoluntary or involuntary. If you’re in tune with your intuition, you’ll start to have a sense for when it’s time to hit the brakes and put things on hold – before things get out of hand. But if you’re out of alignment and oblivious to those intuitive signs, the Universe will probably put things on hold for you, in the form of continued obstacles, ill-health, and breakdowns. When you sense the ‘pause’ coming, pay attention to it; otherwise the Universe will turn up the volume until you can’t ignore it any longer.This is your invitation to welcome these ‘pauses’ with open arms and surrender to the ‘what is’ – even if it is different from what you expected. Take time away from your routine to connect with a new way of thinking and seeing.
26. The Hanged Man Reversed
Reversed, this card can show that you know you need to hit the pause button, but you are resisting it. Instead, you fill your days with tasks and projects, keeping busy and distracting yourself from the actual issue that needs your attention. Your spirit and body are asking you to slow down, but your mind keeps racing. Stop and rest before it’s too late.You may already be in a position where everything has been put on hold, much to your frustration. The reversal of the Hanged Man can indicate a time when you’re getting blocked,stuck or restricted because other people or other circumstances have left you on hold. While you feel resistant, it’s important that you surrender to ‘what is’ and let go of your attachment to how things should be.If your life has already been on pause for a period, the reversed Hanged Man may come as a positive sign that you can now move forward with a new perspective and a renewed sense of energy. The reversed Hanged Man can also signal that you are stalling a decision or action. You may think you’re waiting until you feel 100% ready – but guess what? You’re probably never going to be 100% ready.
27. The Death
The Death card is probably the most feared and misunderstood of all the cards in the Tarot deck.It's more symbolic of the death of old patterns and belief systems. After a period of pause and reflection, the Death card symbolizes the end of a major phase or aspect of your life that you realize is no longer serving you, opening up the possibility of something far more valuable and essential.  Death shows a time of significant transformation, change, and transition. You need to transform yourself and clear away the old to bring in the new. Death is also a sign that you need to learn to let go of unhealthy attachments in your life to pave the way to a fuller, more fulfilled life of deeper meaning and significance. Death teaches you to let go of outworn and outgrown ways of life and to move forward from them. Purge the old belongings, memories and baggage that are getting in your way.
28. The Death Reversed
In the reversed position, Death can mean that you are on the verge of meaningful change but are resisting it. You may be reluctant to let go, or you may not know how to make the change you need. You still carry harmful viewpoints from the past that may interfere with a new opportunity. Because of your refusal, life has stagnated, and you feel stuck in limbo. Death reversed offers you the opportunity to embrace change rather than resist it. See what wonderful possibilities become available to you as you say ‘yes’ to change. As you learn to release the past and surrender to the present, the future becomes even brighter. On a another level, Death Reversed can show that you are going through a massive personal transformation, often in private and out of view from others.  You may not want to share this with others just yet – wait until your personal transformation has occurred, then share your story as a source of inspiration.
29. Temperance
Temperance is the card for bringing balance, patience and moderation into your life. You are being invited to stabilise your energy and to allow the life force to flow through you without force or resistance. It’s time to recover your flow and get your life back into order and balance. This card calls on you to remain calm, even when life feels stressful or frantic. Maintain an even temperament and manage your emotions. You have learned to keep composed in stressful situations. Temperance asks you to take the middle path and accommodate all perspectives. Now is not the time to be highly opinionated or controversial. Be the peacekeeper and take a balanced and moderate approach, avoiding any extremes. This card shows that you have a clear, long-term vision of what you want to achieve. You are not rushing things along; instead, you are taking your time to ensure that you do the best job you can.
30. Temperance Reversed
Temperance Reversed is your invitation (or sometimes a warning) to restore balance and moderation as soon as possible. As they say, “Everything in moderation!” or, you may find you need 100% abstinence to break this negative cycle and bring your life back into balance again. This card may reflect a period of self-evaluation in which you can re-examine your life priorities. Internally, you may feel called in one direction, but your daily life may not match up to what is emerging. See this as your opportunity to align your higher vibration with your outer world. Temperance Reversed can be a call for profound self-healing. By creating more balance and moderation in your life, you open the possibility for such healing to occur.
31. The Devil
The Devil card represents your shadow side and the negative notions that constrain you and hold you back from being the best version of yourself. You may be at the effect of negative habits, dependencies, behaviors, thought patterns, relationships, and addictions. This card often appears when you have been tricked into thinking you have no control over your shadow self or these negative forces. To break free of these negative patterns, you need to acknowledge the hold they have over you and the impact they are having on your life.  see it as an opportunity to bring these negative influences into your conscious awareness, so you can then take action to free yourself from their hold. It may be a recurring pattern for you, and it will take a tremendous amount of willpower and strength to free yourself from their influence. But know this: it IS possible, and it is up to you to make it happen.
32. The Devil Reversed
Often, when you are called to something ‘more’, you must deal with your shadows before you can step into this new version of yourself. It may be an addiction, unhealthy relationships, or a disengaging career. Let go of fear and release any self-imposed limiting beliefs standing in the way of your growth. The Devil Reversed calls on you to confront your inner fears and anxieties to free yourself from the chains that bind you to your limiting beliefs and unhealthy attachments. The Devil card can also appear in a reversal when you are going into your deepest, darkest places - whether or not you are ready. When you take this path consciously, you do so with strength, confidence and courage. You seek to understand your innermost shadows so you can either release them or integrate them into your life in a more constructive way. When you do it unconsciously, or with resistance, it can be very confronting as you may begin to realize you are very different from who you thought you were.
33. The Tower
When The Tower card appears in a Tarot reading, expect the unexpected – massive change, upheaval, destruction and chaos. Loss or any event that shakes you to your core, affecting you spiritually, mentally and physically. There’s no escaping it. Change is here. This can be very confusing and disorienting, especially when your core belief systems are challenged. But over time, you will come to see that your original beliefs were built on a false understanding, and your new belief systems are more representative of reality. The best way forward is to let this structure self-destruct so you can re-build and re-focus.Change on this deep level is hard, but you need to trust that life is happening FOR you, not TO you and this is all for a reason. This destruction will allow new growth to emerge and your soul can evolve. The Tower card is your opportunity to break free from the old ways of thinking that have been holding you back.
34. The Tower Reversed
The Tower Reversed suggests that you are undergoing a significant personal transformation and upheaval. This differs from the experience of The Tower Upright where the change is often because of external circumstances and may even feel forced upon you. Instead, with The Tower Reversed, you are instigating the change and calling into question your fundamental belief systems, values, purpose, and meaning. At times, The Tower Reversed can be a sign that you are resisting change and delaying the necessary destruction and upheaval. You may be in denial that change is occurring. However, You may go through a spiritual awakening. You may change your beliefs and opinions about important topics, realizing that you can no longer support older models. Or, in more dramatic cases, you may go through an existential crisis where you seriously question your life’s purpose. While this can be an unsettling time, trust in the process and know it is for the best. You are creating change and transformation so you can step into a new and evolved version of yourself.
35. The Star
As The Star follows The Tower card in Tarot, it comes as a welcome reprieve after a period of destruction and turmoil. You have endured many challenges and stripped yourself bare of any limiting beliefs that have previously held you back. You are realizing your core essence, who you are beneath all the layers. You hold a new sense of self, a new appreciation for the core of your Being. You are entering a peaceful, loving phase in your life, filled with calm energy, mental stability and more in-depth understanding of both yourself and others around you. You may also want to find or rediscover a sense of meaning, inspiration, or purpose in your life. You are making some significant changes in your life, transforming yourself from the old you to the new you and, in doing so, you are bringing about a fresh perspective: “Out with the old and in with the new!”. The Star also suggests a generous spirit. You want to give or share your wealth with others to help transform their lives. Yours is an open heart, and you now want togive back the blessings you received so that others may benefit.
36. The Star Reversed
Often, The Star Reversed is a test of faith. When confronted with a challenging situation, you can either crumble like The Tower or stand firm in your conviction that the Divine iseverywhere. You will also learn how to trust not only in the Universe but also in yourself.Why this, and why now?! You may be desperately calling out to the Universe to give you some reprieve but struggling to see how the Divine is on your side. The Star Reversed also shows that you are disengaged and uninspired with life or components of your life. Reconnect to what is truly important to you and your soul’s purpose for this lifetime. Align your daily life with this purpose, and you will find new sources of inspiration.The Star Reversed urges you to take time out for self-care and nourishment on a deeply personal and spiritual level. Your energy reserves may be well and truly depleted, so rather than pushing yourself even further, make time just for you.
37. The Moon
The Moon represents your fears and illusions and often comes out when you are projecting fear into your present and your future, based on your past experiences. You may have a painful memory that caused emotional distress, and rather than dealing with the emotions you pushed them down deep into your subconscious. The Moon can indicate a time of uncertainty and illusion, when nothing is what it seems. Be careful of making fast decisions when The Moon appears because you may later realize you only had half the information you needed. Feel into situations rather than thinking what they mean. Let go of your conscious mental blocks or negative self-talk and allow your intuition to guide you. Your dreams, intuitions and inner guidance lead you forward toward higher levels of understanding if you listen and use your judgement to help interpret the messages of the subconscious.
38. The Moon Reveresed
The Moon Reversed indicates that you have been dealing with illusion, fears, and anxiety, and now the negative influences of these energies are subsiding. You are working through your fears and anxieties, understanding the impact they have on your life and how you can free yourself from such limiting beliefs. This is a truly liberating and transformational experience. You may not be ready to face your emotions, pushing them to the side and pretending as if nothing is wrong. This strategy might work in the short-term, but eventually, you will need to resurface these emotions and deal with them head-on. When The Moon is reversed, you are being called to listen to your inner voice, and not the voice of someone else. Trust that the answers you need are already within you, and tune in to your inner guidance system to hear those answers. Pay attention to your dreams and intution!
39. The Sun
This beautiful, warm energy is what will get you through the tough times and help you succeed. You are also in a position where you can share your highest qualities and achievements with others. Radiate who you are and what you stand for; shine your love on those you care about. The Sun connects you to your power base – not fear-driven, egotistical power, but the abundant, inner energy radiating through you right now. This card is also an energetic card. It reflects a time when you can expect to experience an increase in physical energy, vitality and general positivity. You are bursting with enthusiasm, invigorated and enjoying a wonderful sense of good health.
40. The Sun Reversed
The Sun Reversed is calling to your inner child to come out and play! As adults, we get so lost in the hustle and bustle of everyday life that we forget how to have fun. But spend just a few minutes watching a kid play, and you realize how wonderful and carefree life can be when you learn to let go of your worries and concerns. When you see The Sun Reversed in your Tarot reading, see it as your permission slip to leave behind your work and responsibilities, even just for a moment, and play. Dance like no-one is watching, sing like no-one is listening, and let your heart and soul fly free. On the other hand, you may be too confident or overly optimistic. While you are confident, you may have become egotistical and out of touch with what you can achieve. Are you truthful to yourself and others? Or, are you trying to talk yourself up when you know you cannot deliver? If this resonates with you, then ask others for feedback and a reality check. Are you unrealistic? Is what you have set out to achieve achievable? Are you really as good as you think you are?
41. Judgement
The Judgement card often indicates that you need to make a life-changing decision, but unlike those associated with the logical Justice card, this decision requires a blend of intuition and intellect. You may be at a crossroads, aware that any choice you make will bring a significant change with long-lasting effects. Tune in to your Higher Self, trust your judgement and know you are on the right path. If you still need clarity on the situation, look to your past and life lessons to guide you.you are close to reaching a significant stage in your journey. You have reviewed and evaluated your past experiences and have learned from them. All the pieces of the puzzle of your life are finally coming together to form one, unified picture of your life story. This integration has healed deep wounds, and you are now able to put the past behind you. You have found your absolution, having cleared any wrongdoings or regrets, and releasing any guilt or sadness about the past. This purging process will leave you refreshed and ready to take on any new challenges.
42. Judgement Reversed
Judgement Reversed calls for a period of reflection and self-evaluation. Through meditation or quiet contemplation, you may arrive at a deep understanding of the universal themes weaving throughout your life and what you can do or change to avoid these situations. You may have kept them secret or hidden because you fear how others may judge you. To clear these past mistakes and regrets, and any associated guilt or shame, work on your self-forgiveness, self-acceptance, self-love, and release and freedom.often appears when the Universe is trying to send you a message and invite you to something bigger, but you’re not listening. Maybe you’re afraid of the sacrifice you will need to make to heed the call, or you’re worried you are not ready to step into a more prominent role and just want to play it safe. With focused discipline, you can break the cycle of self-criticism and replace it with more positive messages of what is possible.
43. The World
When The World card appears in a Tarot reading, you are glowing with a sense of wholeness, achievement, fulfilment, and completion. A long-term project, period of study, relationship or career has come full circle, and you are now reveling in the sense of closure and accomplishment. This card invites you to reflect on your journey, honor your achievements, and tune into your spiritual lessons. Celebrate your successes and bask in the joy of having brought your goals to fruition. All the triumphs and tribulations along your path have made you into the strong, wise, more experienced person you are now. Express gratitude for what you have created andharvested. Finally, make sure you don’t rush into the next big project; celebrating your journey will set you up for success when you are ready for your next challenge. If you have not quite reached this point of completion, then you are very close! You may still need an added level of understanding to graduate to a higher level and enjoy real success. Look back at your past experiences and acknowledge how far you have come and what you learned along the way. If loose ends still remain, The World card asks you to bring them to completion.
44. The World Reversed
The World Reversed suggests that you are seeking closure on a personal issue. You know, deep down, that to accept and embrace where you are now, you need to let go of the past and move on. Finding closure may be an intensely personal journey – something you manage through journaling, visualization, energy work, and therapy.The World Reversed can also signify that you want to fulfil a big goal or complete a big project, but you’re not taking all the steps necessary to get there, but for whatever reason, you lose focus and slack off right at the end. You may opt for the easiest or quickest path to attain your goal, but it won't lead to the outcome you intend. You need to experience the trials and tribulations along the way so you can learn and grow. And when you do reach your goal, you will enjoy such a fantastic sense of achievement. Re-energize and remind yourself how wonderful life will be when you get the thing you’ve wanted for so long.
45. Ace of Wands
As an Ace, this Wands card brings you pure potential – this time in the spiritual, energetic realm. Ideas are flowing to you, motivating and inspiring you to pursue a new path. You are open to receiving new opportunities that align with your Higher Self. A whole world of possibility is available to you. The Ace of Wands encourages you to follow your heart and live your passion. If you feel a strong pull towards a new project or path, but are questioning whether it will work, then this card gives you a gentle nudge to pursue your passion. You can always start out small, treating the project or idea as an experiment or trial. Then, if it feels good, keep doing it; and if it doesn’t, make adjustments and try again. Let your energy, dedication and motivation be your guides. Keep in mind, however, that the Aces represent potential but not guaranteed results. The Ace of Wands (or any Ace) is a seed that has yet to grow into something more substantial or sustainable. The opportunity on offer shows great promise, but it will be up to you to maximise it for the long term. See this card as the spark needed to fuel a massive fire, but remember that the flash itself is not enough to keep the flames burning.
46. Ace of Wands Reversed
The Ace of Wands reversed suggests that you can sense an idea emerging from within but are uncertain what form it will take or how you will manifest it in the world. You may have energy and passion in spades, but you do not yet have a clear outlet to express them. You may be waiting for something else to happen before you pursue this idea. Or, you may prefer to keep your idea private until your confidence kicks in. All of these wonderful ideas are bubbling up, but now you must find a way to harness this creative energy to set you up in the long term. You're finding it difficult to define your purpose in life and what you want to create. To remedy this stagnation, you need first to focus on where your true passions lie; there is no point in working towards a goal if it does not motivate you. The reversed Ace of Wands may also be a sign that frustrating delays are impeding the progress of your projects and ideas. You are likely to feel very impatient, especially if you are action-oriented and have only just started to gain momentum in your activities. The key message here is: ‘Not now, but maybe later.’ Timing is essential for success, so be patient and wait for the best opportunity to move ahead.
47. Two of Wands
You went through the discovery phase and know what you want to manifest – now you need to figure out how. You are exploring your options and carefully plotting out the path ahead, accounting for all possibilities and potential challenges. You are open to growth and exploring new territories, so long as you maintain a level of certainty that your efforts will work out in the end. It's more important that you establish a clear plan before proceeding. The Two of Wands is also about discovery, particularly as you step outside your comfort zone and explore new worlds and experiences. It may take courage to set out, but this card gives you the confidence of self-knowledge. It's more important that you establish a clear plan before proceeding. The Two of Wands is also about discovery, particularly as you step outside your comfort zone and explore new worlds and experiences. It may take courage to set out, but this card gives you the confidence of self-knowledge.
48. Two of Wands Reversed
The Two of Wands reversed encourages you to draw your attention inwards and focus on your personal goals. Consider what is truly important to you and what lights you up. You may have headed in one direction, only to realise it wasn’t in full alignment with your deeper values and purpose. This card may indicate that you have a fruitful idea, but lack a clear strategy to move it forward. As a result, you are working haphazardly and inefficiently and not reaching your desired destination as quickly as you would like. If you are at a crossroads about which direction to take to fulfil your dreams, ask yourself: What do I really want? And what’s keeping me from getting it? You may have been opting for the easy path, when it is, in fact, the more difficult one that gives us the best opportunity for growth. The reversed Two of Wands can highlight that you are reluctant to step out into unknown territories despite the enormous potential, instead preferring to stick with what you know. Reconnect with your vision and why you arehere and know that you will need to explore new fields to reach your highest self.
49. Three of Wands
The Three of Wands shows that your plans are now well underway and you are considering even more opportunities to expand your current strategy and maximise your ultimate potential. Everything is progressing steadily and as expected, thanks to your solid preparation and ongoing drive. You are becoming more aware of the opportunities that exist for you right now – and there are still more to come. To take advantage of this potential, you must stay committed to your path and be prepared to stretch beyond your comfort zone. Consider what you can to open doors to more development and self-exploration. This card encourages you to dream bigger than your limitations. Accept your vision and be confident you will achieve it.
50. Three of Wands Reversed
The Three of Wands reversed suggests that growth and expansion are available to you, but you are choosing to play it safe and stay within your comfort zone. As a result, you are closing yourself off from new opportunity and limiting your potential. What’s holding you back? It’s time to spread your wings and fly. The Three of Wands reversed indicates that you have attempted to embark on your journey of personal development but did not accomplish your goals. Unexpected delays and creative blockages might have popped up on your path. There is disappointment, frustration and a general feeling that you may have just wasted your time by even starting on this path. What you might not realise, however, is that these setbacks are an essential part of your life’s journey and contribute to your personal evolution. The reversed Three of Wands can indicate that your plans might come to a grindinghalt with unexpected delays and other frustrating obstacles. You may need to wait on othersto complete a task, or you have under-estimated how much time the work involves. When planning, add buffer time, so external problems don‘t adversely affect you.
51. Four of Wands
The Four of Wands is a card of joyful celebration, blissful happiness and appreciation for the good things in life. It's the perfect time to celebrate with those you love most. You may commemorate a significant event or milestone. The Four of Wands can show that you are returning home or to the people and places familiar to you. You feel supported and secure, knowing you are with those who love you and care about you. Step back for a moment and enjoy the fruits of your labour. Acknowledge your hard work and give yourself permissionto take a small break before embarking on the next phase of your journey. In numerology, four symbolises stability and firm foundations, and with the Four of Wands, you are now enjoying a period of happiness and security. This card indicates a sense of harmony and balance as well as completion and thus denotes a time of peace and contentment in life that comes as the result of hard-fought efforts.
52. Four of Wands Reversed
The Four of Wands reversed can indicate that you are celebrating the achievement of a personal goal. You do not feel compelled to proclaim this achievement to others, instead choosing to create your own special reward for the hard work you put in. You may also be in the midst of your journey and yet to reach the finish line, hence preferring to honor this mini-milestone privately. When you finally do arrive at the finish line, it’ll be worth celebrating with friends and family. Given the upright Four of Wands reflects stability, the reversal of this card can suggest that you are going through an upheaval during which you have little stability and security. While you know this is an important transition – one you need to make – it can be quite unsettling, knocking you out of balance and making you feel uncertain about your future.
53. Five of Wands
In the Tarot, the Fives typically represent conflict and change. This card indicates that youare in the midst of battle, tension, and competition with others and it is impacting your ability to move forward with your goals. Rather than being able to work towards a common goal,you are running up against constant opposition. With the Five of Wands, everyone is fighting to be heard. But guess what? No one is listening. If you find yourself in this situation, see it as an opportunity to rise above the chaos and disorder. Take a moment to listen to what others have to say – even if you agree to disagree. The key is to tune in to one another and allow each person to make their case. Sometimes, this type of conflict and discussion can be very productive, such as with group brainstorming and problem-solving. Be open to this debateas a positive contribution to improving the quality of your ideas and actions. The Five of Wandsalso encourages diversity and differences of opinion. You may deal with people from different cultures and backgrounds and struggle to accept their way of living. Know that each person has something unique to bring to the table and that you will benefit by learning more about them and what they have to offer. Your role may be in identifying a clear strategy and purpose that can be implemented by all involved..
54. Five of Wands Reversed
The Five of Wands reversed suggests that you are facing internal conflict and are unclear on where you stand on important issues. You have others around you who have strong views about what you should do and this is creating an enormous amount of tension and disagreement. This process is beneficial and will help you come to a well-researched and well-thought-out viewpoint. Know, too, that there is no right answer, and someone will disagree with the path you choose, so find the option that sits best with you. Align your head and your heart to discover a sense of peace within yourself.This card can also suggest that you have the tendencyto avoid conflict wherever feasible. You may find that any tension makes you feel uneasy, and you wish it would just go away. Some conflict can be useful, particularly if it is constructive and draws out the underlying issues in a way that then generates a better solution. Consider whether always avoiding such discomfort is the best way to go or if you are finding yourself compromising on what is important to you. The card can also be like a sigh of relief after a struggle. You are no longer up against so much competition and can just ‘be.’ On a more personal level, you have worked through your anger and hostility and feel more secure in your relationships. You do not have to prove yourself anymore.
55. Six of Wands
The Six of Wands appears when you have reached an important milestone or achieved a significant goal, and you are confident, self-assured, and successful. You harnessed your strengths and talents to bring about a happy outcome in your endeavours and made it throughthe chaos. Not only have you achieved your goals, but you are also receiving public acknowledgement for your efforts.  Be open to receiving love and support from your biggest cheerleaders, who are energised by seeing you succeed. Now is your time to shine! Keep in mind that you’re not quite at the finish line just yet. You still have some way to go, and challenges may sit on the path ahead – but take heart knowing you have the support of those around you and they are here to back you 100%.
56. Six of Wands Reversed
The Six of Wands reversed suggests that you have reached a significant personal milestone, but unlike the upright version of this card, you prefer to keep it to yourself right now. You may be uncomfortable receiving public praise for your work, or it may be such a private achievement that you have no reason to share it with others. Check in with yourself though: are you avoiding sharing it because you lack confidence or feel nervous about being too over-the-top? The reversed Six of Wands encourages you to create your own definition of success. If you have found yourself seeking approval and validation or comparing yourself to others, you may have stripped yourself of your personal power and self-belief. Rather than relying on someone else’s opinions of what is ‘successful’ and what is not, bring your energy and attention within and ask yourself, ‘What does success mean to me?’ At times, the reversed Six of Wands may suggest that you had a fall from grace and did not receive the public recognition you were seeking.
57. Seven of Wands
After the success of the Six of Wands, you are now in an enviable position and are being challenged by others who want to take your place. You worked hard to get to where you are, but some people covet what you have and are prepared to fight you for it. While it is flattering that they strive for your success, it also makes for a tense and competitive environment because you need to protect what you earned and must continually prove yourself. The Seven of Wands may appear when you hold a contentious point of view or wish to voice your opinion in a public forum. Be ready to support your argument and back yourself. Stand firm in your conviction of what you believe (and why) so that others do not topple you from your mountain of self-belief.
58. Seven of Wands Reversed
The Seven of Wands reversed shows that external pressure is weighing you down, leaving you doubting yourself and whether everything is worth it. The Seven of Wands reversed serves as a reminder that you will not always win everyone over. There will still be challenges and opposition to your point of view, and you cannot keep everyone happy all the time. Thus, it is time to draw your line in the sand and say, ‘This is who I am, and this is what I need right now’. There cannot be any compromise or negotiation at this stage; hold your ground with determination and courage. The reversed Seven of Wands may affirm that you are overwhelmed by the challenges and responsibilities in your life, finding yourself quickly snowed under and unable to look at the bigger picture. You may have taken on too many commitments and now want to focus your attention on only one or two things. You may also worry that you must compete against others, leaving you feeling somewhat inadequate and vulnerable. Rebuild your self-esteem and confidence and have faith that you can achieve what you set out to do.
59. Eight of Wands
his Eight is a dynamic card, containing a high level of energy that propels you forward to reach your goals at a much faster pace than ever before. You can expect to be very busy, but this is one of those ‘good busy’ periods during which you are enthusiastic about the progress you are making. This card  encourages you to go with the flow; don’t resist it. Everything is moving fast right now, so make the most of this forward momentum to manifest your goals and dreams. Allow the energy of the Universe to flow through you and propel you closer to your goal. Trying to slow things down because you’re not ready or you’re fearful about the unknown will just waste this opportunity. Use the energy instead to fuel positive change and produce significant results.
60. Eight of Wands Reversed
The Eight of Wands reversed suggests that you are charging ahead with an idea or plan, but you need to slow down and consider your next steps before continuing. You may miss something in your haste and be prone to making mistakes or poor decisions. Or, you may rush into things without a clear plan of where you are heading, instead of investing time into trivial tasks. The trouble is that with this approach, you never accomplish anything because you are jumpingfrom one idea to the next and finishing none of them. The Eight of Wands reversed can also warn that you are resisting change, trying to stop the flow of energy and movement. It will only make things harder, so let go and be in the flow.
61. Nine of Wands
The Nine of Wands comes as a sign that even in the face of adversity, you stand tall and strong. You may be on the edge of exhaustion, but you are resilient, persistent, and ready to do what it takes to get to the finish line. This card may also come when you feel batteredand bruised, having endured significant challenges and struggles along your path. Just when you think you are making progress, you suffer another setback. The Nine of Wands encourages you to keep pushing – you are so close to the finish line. Even if you want to give up, this is your final challenge before you reach your goal, so don’t let go of your hopes and dreams when you are so close to making them a reality. Stand firm in the face of your challenges, and you will achieve your goal.  Bring your conscious awareness to how you are proactively using boundaries to protect your energy.
62. Nine of Wands Reversed
The Nine of Wands reversed suggests that you are struggling to keep working towards your goal.The challenges on your path are relentless, pummelling you with setback after setback. You don’t know if you can cope with it anymore and may be ready to give up. Just know that you are oh-so-close to completing this challenge. Draw upon your internal resources – your resilience, inner courage, positive self-talk and mindset – to keep you going. You have it in you to turn this challenging situation into a fantastic success (and to help others facingsimilar hurdles). Keep fighting – you’ve got this!
63. Ten of Wands
The Ten of Wands notes that you are taking on an extra burden, a heavier workload, or greaterresponsibility. Even though it is weighing you down and making things tougher for you, you understand it is only temporary, so you are willing to put in the hard work now to accomplishyour goal and reap the rewards later. Sometimes, the Ten of Wands appears when you are unconsciously taking on extra responsibility and finding yourself feeling weighed down, exhausted and burnt out. You may try to do everything at once, even though you know it is adding extra pressure to your daily life. The Ten of Wands asks you to stop and examine your current lifestyle or work. Assess which activities or tasks are urgent or important, particularly concerning your broader goals. Tens in Tarot represent the completion of a cycle,and with the Ten of Wands, the end is in sight! You have been pushing yourself to your limitsand working very hard towards your goal.
64. Ten of Wands Reversed
When the Ten of Wands reversed appears in a Tarot reading, it is often a sign that you are trying to do too much by yourself. In your effort to be everything to everyone, you have found yourself struggling under the weight of it all. Delegate and share the work – you don’t have to do it alone. And be firm in saying no to the things you know you can’t take on.It is imperative you put your self-care and personal well-being first; otherwise you’ll burn yourself out and be of no help to anyone. It’s just like they say, 'Put on your own oxygen mask first before helping others'.
65. Page of Wands
With the Page of Wands, you are inclined to give anything and everything a go. You embrace the opportunity to start out on a new journey or project and see where it takes you. You do not necessarily have a solid plan in place, nor do you really know where you are headed, butyou are excited about the possibilities.You have a gift for dreaming up new creative ideas unfettered by the burdens of everyday life. Nothing will get in the way of your dreams!And while the appearance of the Page of Wands indicates that you are experiencing creative restlessness, notice that the Page is standing still and his staff is firmly planted on the ground – he is not going anywhere just yet. The Page of Wands can appear when a spiritual path or journey may be calling you. You have a curious mind and are intrigued to see where this call might lead. While you are very much the novice when it comes to this spiritual endeavour, you are open to the experience and keen to discover new levels of consciousness. You may benefit from working with a wise mentor, someone who has walked your path before and can now lead you forward
66. Page of Wands Reversed
The Page of Wands reversed suggests that you can feel the stirrings of something new emerging within you, but you don’t know how to turn it into action. You may have the seed of an idea or a general sense that something new is coming, but you are yet to express it in the world. You do not need to take action yet – in fact, doing so may be detrimental since this idea is very much in the early stages of formation. Just ‘play’ with the idea and let it grow, develop and blossom into what it wants to be. Do not force it; sit in the creative void and allow it to open up to you. This card can also mean that you tried many new ventures or projects, but these have not turned out as you had hoped. You may have had the dream to start a new hobby or project with the view that it would lead to something bigger, but you realise that you took the wrong approach and it isn’t pointing to the growth and development you had expected. Your eagerness to start something new has been hampered by complexities, obstacles and opposition, which has resulted in a lack of motivation and indecisiveness about your path forward. You know that inspiration and understanding comes from within, rather than looking to others for the answers
67. Knight of Wands
While the Page of Wands marks the initial spark of a new idea, the Knight of Wands shows the actual pursuit of that idea. When this card appears in a Tarot reading, you are charged up with energy, passion, motivation, and enthusiasm, and you channel that energy through your inspired action. You have a clear vision about what you want to create and, fuelled by your passion and inspiration, you are now moving forward with leaps and bounds to turn your visioninto reality. This card is your sign to go for it! In this light, the Knight of Wands gives you the feeling you can take on the world! You are so committed to your vision and purpose that you will stop at nothing to bring it to life. As you pursue your goals, your confidence skyrockets, and you realise that your potential is limitless. You can do anything! Be mindful that the Knight of Wands can express himself as an ‘act first, think later’ type of person. In your pursuit of action, you may be impulsive and impatient, expecting everything to be done yesterday. When you have a new idea, rather than acting on it straight away, take a moment to check in and see if it truly aligns with your goals and whether it needs to happen right now.
68. Knight of Wands Reversed
The Knight of Wands reversed may appear when you are actively pursuing a personal passion project or hobby. A fire has been lit within you, and now you are doing everything to move this passion project forward. You are experiencing a considerable build-up of energy but are unsure about how to channel it into the world effectively. You may have a creative restlessness, knowing that you are destined for something ‘big’, but you are restricted from taking action right now. You are at risk of acting impulsively, doing or saying things that you may later regret. You want everything to be ‘fixed’ straight away, but you do not allow yourself the time to think through what is best for you. Be careful, too, that you are not reacting instantly to everything that happens. Give your circumstances some space and time before you take action.
69. Queen of Wands
The Queen of Wands reminds you that you are upbeat, courageous, and determined. You are here to see through your creative visions and life purpose, even in the face of adversity and challenge. Highly self-actualised and self-aware, you know how to best channel your strengthsand weaknesses to achieve your goals. You are optimistic and full of ideas to share with others. You know what you want and how to get it, and are masterful at engaging with others to achieve your goals. Stay fiercely determined and focused on your goals while being friendlyand optimistic with those around you.  the Queen of Wands encourages you to get to know your shadow self, the lesser-known and sometimes darker side of who you really are. This doesn’t necessarily need to be a negative aspect of yourself, but could be something that most peopledon’t know about you… yet!
70. Queen of Wands Reversed
The Queen of Wands reversed shows you have reached a place of self-respect and confidence. You know yourself on a deep level, and you are clear on your personal truth and belief systems.You know what you stand for you and you are not easily moved by the opinions of others. You have also defined what success means to you, even if it differs from others' definitions.If you have lacked in confidence, the Queen of Wands reversed invites you to bring your energyand attention inward and focus on rebuilding your sense of self and your resilience. You may have handed your power over to others by paying too much attention to their thoughts and opinions. Now, you need to bring your awareness inward, so you can hear yourself and access your personal strengths and talents. Discover who you are and be courageous in expressing ‘you’ in everything you do, even if it is different from what others expect of you.
71. King of Wands
When the King of Wands appears in a Tarot reading, it is a sign you are stepping into the roleof a visionary leader, ready to direct your people towards a common goal. You have a clear vision of where you want to go, and now you are manifesting that vision with the support of those around you. Others naturally gravitate towards you because you are charismatic, focused,and determined, and they believe in you and your vision. The King of Wands reminds you to lead your life with intent, vision and a long-term view. The appearance of the King of Wands also suggests that an opportunity is presenting itself to you, and you now have the power to take on the challenge. You are the determining factor in this situation. If you want it to besuccessful, it will. And equally, if you do not fully commit to it, this seed will struggle to blossom and grow. You can create any outcome you wish, so be mindful about your intentions and vision. You hold the power.
72. King of Wands Reversed
The King of Wands reversed suggests that while you are in a leadership position, you are not ready to step into that role. You may be the creative or visionary person in your work, but you have not yet developed a sense of comfort with leading others towards your vision. You may need to work on your leadership skills or enlist the support of someone who has a natural talent at steering others towards a common goal. At times, the reversed King of Wands can be aggressive and even arrogant in the pursuit of his goals. Be mindful that as you strive towardsyour dream, you are not putting others off-side, dis-empowering them or taking their contributions for granted. Stay true to what’s important to you and keep focused on your personal vision and direction.
73. Ace of Cups
With the Ace of Cups, Divine love and compassion are pouring through you. You are a vessel for deep, spiritual love from the Universe, and you can’t help but let that love flow throughyou and into the world. You receive love, you give love, you ARE love. Your heart overflows.Now is the perfect time for you to open your heart and experience the rich flow of emotion available to you right now. You are more receptive to creative opportunities, loving connections, and deep compassion for other living beings. As with all Aces in the Tarot, this card comes as an invitation. Will you take it? The Ace of Cups often represents a new relationship, be it a friendship, a new family connection or blossoming romance. It is exciting – fluttery even – and you are so glad to have met someone with whom you can share a special connection. Give yourself permission to open yourself to giving and receiving unconditional love, and you will notice that affection flows effortlessly when you are in this loving state of mind.
74. Ace of Cups Reversed
Yes, this is the self-love card of the Tarot deck! In the upright position, the Ace of Cups is about love for all things. In the reversed position, it speaks to love for oneself. So, before you send your love out to the world, send love to yourself, filling up every cell in your body with Divine love and happiness. And the more you do this, the more you can exist in flow with life itself. The Ace of Cups reversed may also be a sign that you are repressing your emotions, not wanting to express yourself fully to the outside world. You have your reasons for keeping your feelings close and not wanting others to know what’s going on inside. Be careful that you do not create an internal blockage by repressing how you feel. If you are not ready to share your emotions – that's okay! You can find ways to release them privately, through journaling, creative projects, movement, or screaming your frustration and anger out in the car.
75. Two of Cups
With this card, you are creating deep connections and partnerships, based on shared values, compassion, and unconditional love. While these relationships are still in the early stages, they have the potential to grow and develop into something deeply fulfilling and rewarding in the long-term. You have mutual respect and appreciation for one another, and together you reach higher planes of consciousness and understanding. You may enter a new partnership, perhaps with a lover, friend or business partner. You may become focused on creating a relationship that is mutually beneficial, one that will create a win-win situation for both parties. You see ‘eye to eye’ and appreciate what each other can bring to the table.A partnership built on trust, harmony, and mutual respect is likely to succeed so long as you continue to communicate with one another and focus on your shared alignment.
76. Two of Cups Reversed
The reversed Two of Cups is about self-love. Love, in any form, starts with love for yourself.When you love yourself unconditionally, you accept and appreciate who you are, and you respect and honour the most authentic version of yourself. You welcome a life of happiness because you fundamentally believe you deserve it (and you're right!). When you come from thisplace of self-love, self-acceptance, and self-respect, you will have more fulfilling, loving relationships with others. It all starts with self-love. You may notice a lack of trust in yourrelationships and being open with one another is proving difficult. Communication may be restricted or withheld, and the energy flow between you stifled. To turn this situation around, open up, share, and hold a safe space for one another to express your feelings. Even with one conversation, you can shift the energy flow dramatically.
77. Three of Cups
The Three of Cups is a card of celebration, friendship, sisterhood, and creative collaborations.Your friends and family are here to support you and lift you up to even higher levels of success. Celebrate with them and enjoy their camaraderie. The Three of Cups often indicates a very sociable period – perhaps a birthday, a wedding, the holiday season or a vacation withfriends. See it as your opportunity to let your hair down and forget about your day-to-day commitments and obligations for a while. Instead, spend quality time with friends and family and enjoy yourself! The Three of Cups is a very creative card, suggesting that you may pursuea creative outlet within a group environment, such as an art class or a dance class. This is a great way to connect with others and to access your creative abilities.
78. Three of Cups Reversed
While the upright Three of Cups is a card of friendship and social events, the reversal of this card suggests that you would prefer to go it alone right now. You may have recently spenta lot of time with others and now just need some alone time. Or perhaps you are no longer ‘clicking’ with some of your friends or a social group and are ready to move on. Or sometimes,you might find yourself on the ‘outer’, excluded from other people’s circles and feeling isolated and alone. Honour your desire to step out of the social scene for a while and enjoy this time by yourself so you can get clear on who you most want to connect with in the future.The reversed Three of Cups can show that your creativity is being stifled, or you are being forced to conform to the group. You may be part of a tight-knit club that does things a certain way and is not open to innovation or alternative approaches. You need to consider whether you are willing to sacrifice your creative abilities in favour of the group’s desires.
79. Four of Cups
When the Four of Cups turns up in a Tarot reading, new invitations and opportunities are flowing to you, but for now, you’re saying “no” and turning them away. Perhaps the prospects do not interest you, or your cup is full, or you already have too much on your plate. Use your discernment to decide on what is truly important to you, and don't be afraid to decline new projects that don't align with your future path. A time when you are turning your attention and your energy internally, to realign to this new phase of your life. You know that you need to be standing on terra firma before you can decide your next steps. Sometimes this card brings the message, ‘Not now, but maybe later.’ While the man in the Four of Cups doesn’t accept the cups offered to him, he doesn’t wholly reject them either. You may be waiting for a sign or further information before taking an invitation or new project. Check in emotionally and spiritually before you say ‘yes’, to make sure the opportunity is a good fit and that you can commit to it in the long-term.
80. Four of Cups Reversed
The Four of Cups reversed reflects a period of introspection and withdrawal. You are retreating into your own inner world so you can concentrate on what is integral to you and what grounds you. Others may want to spend time with you or invite you out, but you’d prefer to stay in and read a good book or meditate in your sacred space. Just be careful that you don’t shut off your friends and loved ones or appear disinterested in their lives. Let them know you need some alone time and that you’ll reach out again when you’re ready to re-emerge. If you are feeling withdrawn, don’t force yourself to go out. Just ‘be’ in this space, and when you’re ready, start to re-integrate with the world around you. You won’t be a ‘hermit’ forever – it’s just a temporary state of being.
81. Five of Cups
The Five of Cups often appears in a Tarot reading when a situation hasn’t turned out the way you expected, and you are sad, regretful, and disappointed. All you can focus on right now iswhat went wrong and how you failed. Sweetheart, it’s time to get over it! Sure, feel the feels, but set yourself a time limit for your self-pity and then pull yourself together and move on. You’re stuck in the past and can’t let go. Old wounds and bitter memories flood your mind as you think about what happened. Even though things aren’t going your way, new opportunities and possibilities are waiting for you – but only when you are ready. It’s time to shift your mindset and focus on what can go right from this point onwards. Be open to the brighter side of life and know many blessings are in disguise right now. Instead of giving into a ‘glass is half empty’ perspective, look at it as the ‘glass is half full’.
82. Five of Cups Reversed
The reversed Five of Cups suggests that you have recently suffered a personal setback or disappointment. You may worry that you are a ‘failure’ and don’t want to let others know you’ve taken the wrong path. Or you may not be ready to admit it to others and are choosing to keep your feelings to yourself instead. However, now might be the time to open up. People around you may not see how much pain you're in right now, so don’t be afraid to ask for help or talk with someone you trust; you may find it lessens the emotional pain. You’ll find that by sharing your feelings with others, you’ll realise that you can overcome this temporary setback. If you feel guilty or ashamed about what happened, blaming yourself for the mistakesyou made, the reversed Five of Cups encourages you to forgive yourself and move on. You are discovering how to be open and take risks again, especially those of the heart. If you have suffered setbacks, you will find that you will be more hopeful about the future and engage with the exciting, creative side of life again.
83. Six of Cups
The Six of Cups is a card that takes you back to the happy memories from your past, whether as a child, teenager or young adult. You may simply be revisiting those memories in your mind,or you may travel back to your childhood home or reconnect with your childhood friends. You could go to a high school reunion or reconnect with an old buddy. A teenage sweetheart or past lover may turn up again. These connections bring you a sense of joy and happiness as you reminisce over all the fun times you had together. Take this occasion to explore whether you still have a lot in common and if you wish to continue the relationship now. The Six of Cups often shows an increased level of harmony and cooperation in your relationships. You areready to give and receive, without expectation. You are also willing to give each other the benefit of the doubt, having moved on from the challenging emotions of the Five of Cups. It’stime to turn over a new leaf and start afresh from a more positive place.
84. Six of Cups Reversed
When the reversed Six of Cups appears in a reading, ask whether you're clinging to the past and losing touch with the present. Reflection and nostalgia may bring up positive or negativefeelings, but either way, when you find yourself wishing for ‘how things used to be’ and not living in the present, you miss out on the opportunities right in front of you. It's OK to indulge a little in reminiscing about the past, as long as you understand that true and lasting change can only happen in the present moment. See the Six of Cups as an opportunity to make peace with the past so you can focus on the now. Learn from your mistakes, forgive others and yourself, and acknowledge that life is continually evolving. Let go of the past and bring your attention firmly into the present.  Open yourself to a curious mind and to have fun as though you were a child again. If you find yourself saying, “Oh but I don’t have time!” then make time!! Play!
85. Seven of Cups
Often, the Seven of Cups can be a sign of wishful thinking and projecting into the future about what you would like to create, rather than taking action here in the present to make it happen. You may find that your ideas are not grounded in reality. Your plans might sound fabulous in your imagination, but when it comes to implementing them, you may realise they do not work in the real world. This card is inviting you to move out of the ideas and optionsphase and choose. Each will have its pros and cons – it’s up to you to make sure that the option you select is in alignment with your purpose and your Highest Good – even if you feel somewhat paralysed by the options available to you.
86. Seven of Cups Reversed
The reversed Seven of Cups often appears when you face several different choices and, insteadof choosing the option that may appeal to others, you are relying on your inner wisdom and guidance to show you the best way. You may come up with your own criteria to help you make decisions in alignment with your inner being. As a card of choices and options, the reversed Seven of Cups can mean you are overwhelmed by choice and cannot move forward. Reduce your options and focus on what is important to you. You don’t need to keep searching for that big idea; you have what you need. Make your pick and move forward with it.
87. Eight of Cups
When the Eight of Cups shows up in a Tarot reading, you may feel compelled to walk away from a disappointing situation. It could mean turning your back on an unfulfilling relationship, job, career path, living arrangement or creative project that was once a source of great happiness to you but now only brings you pain. You have invested yourself emotionally but, despite your best efforts, are disappointed; it hasn’t turned out the way you had expected it to, and you realise that you are no longer getting anything out of this situation. Now, the only choice is to put it behind you and move on with your life, even if it brings you sadness as you say goodbye. The Eight of Cups invites you to ask yourself what brings you joy, contentment and fulfilment on a deeper level. Without it, you might pursue goals that fail to give you the satisfaction you’re seeking. If you find yourself repeatedly in these Eight of Cups situations where you have no choice but to walk away, spend time exploring what will bring you true happiness and realign your goals with your values.
88. Eight of Cups Reversed
The reversed Eight of Cups raises the question, “Do I stay or do I go?” You may be caught between walking away from a disappointing situation or trying one last time to make things better. But the real question is, 'Can the circumstances improve, or is it a lost cause?' Check in with your intuition to understand whether you should give this situation one more chance, or if you should release and let go. The reversed Eight of Cups invites you to listento your heart about your next course of action. Others may have an opinion, but it comes downto what’s important to you. Only you know whether this situation is serving you and if thereis hope for the future. Be mindful of what you want and then check in to see if this move isin alignment with your goals and dreams.
89. Nine of Cups
You know those moments when you glance around and feel your heart overflowing with love and appreciation for everything you have created in your life? That’s what the Nine of Cups is about: emotional fulfilment, happiness and contentment. When this card appears in a Tarot reading, you are content in all aspects of your life – relationships, work, lifestyle, well-being and more. You are basking in the abundance of life and experiencing your emotions with such intensity and pleasure. This is why the Nine of Cups is often called the wish card.It comes as a sign that the planets aligned and you have everything you wished for. You could not be happier! If you made your wish and are patiently waiting for it to come to fruition, then this card is an excellent omen that it will soon be granted. Realise that contentment and fulfilment, too, are only temporary as everything is always in a state of change. That’s why it is so important to appreciate what you have now and cherish it because it may disappear later or you may need to adjust and adapt.
90. Nine of Cups Reversed
Even when it appears that you have everything you ever dreamed of, it can still feel like something is missing deep down. Have you pursued material gain at the expense of your spiritual growth or emotional fulfilment? The card asks you to reconsider what you’re wishing for and align it with your Highest Good. You may have lost touch with what’s important to you,instead favouring the ego and chasing what will impress others. Sometimes, the reversed Nine of Cups suggests that you are frustrated that your wishes have not yet come true. Your expectations may be unrealistic, or you may not be actively pursuing your dreams, hoping that they will manifest with little input or action from you. Now is the time to reconnect with yourgoals and dreams and recommit to bringing them to fruition. You may need to tweak your goals to keep them in full alignment with your personal values. And you may need to be more proactive in creating an action plan to see your goals come to fruition.
91. Ten of Cups
The Ten of Cups embodies happiness, joy, and emotional contentment, particularly in your relationships and family. You have created an abundance of love and happiness in your life, and you now share this love with others, expanding your heart even more. This card often appears when you are surrounded by your loved ones with whom you share a powerful and deep connection. You appreciate and support one another, and together, you help each other reach your highest potential. It brings you so much joy to see your loved ones succeed and live happy lives. The Ten of Cups encourages you to follow your heart and trust your intuition to lead you to the opportunities aligned with your Highest Good. Your feelings and emotions will guide you. When something feels fantastic, do more of it; and when something doesn’t feel right, do less of it. Allow your inner guidance to lead the way. Seek out opportunities that fulfil you and align with your personal values instead of following the path that others expect you to take.
92. Ten of Cups Reversed
When the reversed Ten of Cups card appears in a Tarot reading, you are seeking greater harmony and connection in your relationships. In your mind, you had wished for a beautiful, harmonious relationship, but in reality, you feel disconnected and disengaged from your loved one. It may seem as if something is missing, and you’re struggling to communicate honestly, empathise, and engage with one another. Each time you try to connect, something goes wrong, and you end up with even more distance between you. You may have unrealistic expectations of the relationship: that everything will be perfect and rosy every minute you are together. If this resonates, then realign your expectations and realise that every relationship has its ups and downs. Or, you may no longer be a fit for each other, in which case you may consider leaving. The Ten of Cups reversed can reveal a misalignment of personal values. You are not living by your own values, nor are you being true to yourself. Instead, you are allowing others to decide what will and will not make you happy when you know you should determine that for yourself. As a result, you are questioning whether you believe in what you are doing.Bring your focus back to what truly makes you happy even if it differs from what others expect.
93. Page of Cups
The Page of Cups suggests a new idea or opportunity has come to you out of the blue. Your creative energy is flowing, and now the question is how you will express it. Will you snap up this new idea and turn it into something, or will you let someone else bring it to fruition? It is up to you! Spend time exploring the idea to see if you want to move forward.As each Page asks you to explore a new facet of yourself, the Page of Cups is asking you to explore your creative, emotional self. You may start a new art class, read books about how to express your feelings, or learn more about developing your psychic abilities. Dreamy aspirations race through your mind, and you may find yourself moved by simple things. Don’t be afraid to let your feelings show and wear your heart on your sleeve.
94. Page of Cups Reversed
The reversed Page of Cups suggests that you are keeping your creative inspirations and ideas secret. You may worry that others will steal your idea or tell you it’s destined to fail. Instead, you are choosing to keep your plans private so you can develop them further without the influence of others. You may want to wait until you’ve moved out of the conceptual stage before sharing it with others. With the Page of Cups reversed, you may feel called to pursue a new creative project, but you doubt whether you can really make it work. Your inner critic may be on over-drive or others are telling you that you’re dreaming – so you are stalling and holding back. Ask yourself, “What have I got to lose here?” So what if the idea fails? Isn’t it better to try something and fail than never do it and wonder for the rest of your life what might have happened? And what if you didn’t fail? What if you were to succeed? Again, listen to your intuition to understand if fear is getting in the way and whether it’s time to just give it a go regardless of the outcome.
95. Knight of Cups
When the Knight of Cups appears in a Tarot reading, you thrive on all things beautiful and are inspired by the many creative outlets available to you. While the Page of Cups was inspiredby an imaginative idea, the Knight of Cups is motivated by action. You have dreamed about what it is you want to create and now are moving forward with this dream to make it a reality.It may be an art project or something you feel ‘called’ to do, based on your emotions, imagination and intuition. Be open to exploring your passions and your big ideas. You may find yourself drawn to a particular passion or hobby and now is the time to turn it into ‘something.’ While you are in no hurry to reach the finish line, keep in mind that true imagination feeds on action; if you do nothing with your dreams, they will remain just that – dreams and not reality.
96. Knight of Cups Reversed
When the reversed Knight of Cups appears in a Tarot reading, a creative project is emerging, but you are not ready to act on it just yet. You may spend most of your time dreaming up what is possible or how wonderful it will be when it comes to fruition. While it can be enriching to be in the dreamy, ideas phase for a while, the plan will not come into being until you take action. You may need to ground your ideas into reality. Figure out how much it will cost,how much time it will take, what resources you will need, and so on. This will give your project more weight so you can move forward with implementing your idea.
97. Queen of Cups
The Queen of Cups is nurturing, caring, compassionate and sensitive. When you see her in a Tarot reading, you are embodying her ‘nurturing mother’ energy. You support others by listening with your heart, being compassionate, and caring for them deeply. You are empathic and can sense the needs of others by tuning in to your intuition, and you hold the space for others to express their emotions and be the truest, most authentic versions of themselves. You have mastered this in such a way that, even though you hold space for emotional expression,you don’t take on other people’s energy or emotional issues because you are well-grounded andknow where to create a healthy separation. When the Queen of Cups appears in a Tarot reading, you are being asked to trust your intuition and pay attention to your feelings and emotions. Lead with your heart, not your head. Be open to receive the intuitive messages flowing to you,be it through your dreams, meditation or visualisation. And ‘feel the feels’, even if those feelings are tricky or challenging. You are stronger than you know.
98. Queen of Cups Reversed
When the reversed Queen of Cups shows up in a Tarot reading, you need to draw your attention inwards and focus on your emotional well-being. You’re great at taking care of others – but now it’s time to take care of YOU. This card suggests that you are emotionally drained because you have been so busy supporting others, but not yourself. You may need to set firm boundaries with your loved ones so that they know you love them but will not take on their emotional baggage. You can hold space for them, but ultimately, they are responsible for theirfeelings and life experience, and they need to go on their own journey to learn how to cope.The reversed Queen of Cups invites you to explore your innermost feelings and emotions to understand what makes you tick. Spend some time alone with just your Tarot cards, your journal and your pen. Connect in with your feelings. How are you feeling? How are you really feeling? It doesn’t matter whether you’re experiencing positive or negative emotions. You arebeing called to listen to your true feelings and honour them in the process.
99. King of Cups
The King of Cups represents mastery over the realms of emotion, creativity and the unconscious. When this card turns up in a Tarot reading, you have gained control of your feelings and can accept them without allowing them to get the better of you. Even when life throws you a curve ball, you can draw on your emotional maturity and stability to help you navigate these challenges. You don’t let things get to you, and you steer clear of the drama,instead choosing an emotionally balanced and calm approach. The King of Cups is compassionatetowards others, creating strong bonds and relationships based on patience and understanding. As you interact with others, you may need to navigate their strong feelings and emotional triggers so you can create a sense of peace in your interactions. They may appear in your life as a mentor, coach or spiritual guide; or you may step into this role yourself.
100. King of Cups Reversed
The reversed King of Cups indicates that you are focusing your attention on your innermost feelings. You are discovering the emotions stored in your subconscious mind and how these emotions affect you. Through this work, you hope to gain a stronger sense of control over your emotional well-being so that your feelings don’t steer you away from living your best life. You may read more self-help books, journaling or seeking the support of a trained counsellor or hypnotherapist so you can journey deep into your subconscious mind.The reversed King of Cups could show that you are repressing your emotions and withdrawing from the outside world because you fear what may happen if you were to confront your feelingshead-on. Your feelings are bottling up inside you, and you are at risk of an emotional outburst if the pressure gets too much. If this resonates, consider finding a therapist to help you to work through your feelings in a safe environment.At worst, the reversed King of Cups can represent someone who is vindictive and has a talent for being able to punish othersthrough emotional manipulation.
101. Ace of Swords
The Ace of Swords marks a wave of new energy from the intellectual realms. You may be on theverge of a significant breakthrough or a new way of thinking that allows you to view the world with clear eyes. Or, you may have a sudden realisation or conscious understanding aboutan issue that has been troubling you and can finally see the path ahead of you. Meditate regularly to clear away the mental chatter and make the most of this intellectual potential. Now is an excellent time to start a new project – one that requires your intellect, communication skills and mental power. The Ace of Swords also encourages you to pursue the truth of the matter and to find justice. You may champion a cause or stand up for your rights or the rights of others. Or, you may have a new idea for which you are prepared to fight, or you may feel fired up about an issue you are passionate about, such as human rights.You have great clarity on the situation and can now argue your point of view with truth and conviction. In other words, you are ready for battle.
102. Ace of Swords Reversed
The Ace of Swords reversed indicates that a new idea or breakthrough is emerging from withinyou, but you are not willing to share it with others just yet. You may still be exploring what this idea means for you and how to best express and manifest it in the external world. You may also seek greater clarity about whether this is an idea you wish to pursue more fully, perhaps because you are unsure if it will bring the results you truly desire. When this card appears in a Tarot reading, it’s important to give yourself time and space to meditate and clear your mind so you can ‘birth’ this idea in the most effective way.Sometimes, the reversed Ace of Swords can be a signal you have an idea that’s not coming to fruition in the way you had hoped, and it’s time to go back to the drawing board. You may still be pursuing an idea that no longer has any meaning for you. Or you may have too many ideas on the go, and you cannot commit to one course of action. This card invites you to spend more time on defining in plain terms what it is you want in life.
103. Two of Swords
The Two of Swords indicates that you are facing a challenging decision, but you are unclear about which option to take. Both possibilities may seem equally good – or equally bad – and you are stumped about which will lead you to the best outcome. You must be able to weigh up the pros and cons of each choice and then make a conscious judgment. Use both your head (your mind and the intellect) and your heart (your feelings and intuition) to choose the path that is most in alignment with your Higher Self. The woman in this card wears a blindfold, indicating that she cannot see the entirety of her circumstance. You may lack the information you need to make the right decisions. You may be missing something, such as the threats or potential risks, alternative solutions or critical pieces of information that would help guide you in a particular direction. It is also possible that the woman in the Two of Swords has intentionally chosen to put on the blindfold to avoid making a choice. Are you trying to hide from a challenging situation or impending decision, hoping that if you ignore it long enough, you won’t need to worry about it?
104. Two of Swords Reversed
The Two of Swords reversed suggests that you are facing a difficult decision and cannot decide which direction to take. You are caught between a rock and a hard place, and it feelsimpossible to make the ‘right’ decision as you believe either option will lead to negative consequences. As a result, you are finding yourself feeling stuck and unable to move forward,which is just making the situation worse. You may also lack the information you need to make a sound decision. Just as the blindfolded woman is closed off to the external world, you may also be closed off to additional information or alternative solutions that could resolve yourdilemma. Or, you might be experiencing information overload, overwhelmed by other people’s points of view and a deluge of information. Sift through the advice available to select onlythe most relevant and helpful.
105. Three of Swords
When the Three of Swords turns up in a Tarot reading, it signals that you are feeling deeplyhurt and disappointed. Your heart has been pierced by the sharp blades of others’ hurtful words, actions and intentions, and they have inflicted intense emotions of pain, sadness, grief, and heartbreak. These events are often unexpected and come out of the blue, making them even more painful. The Three of Swords is also about an emotional release. When you have suffered a major setback or loss, now is an excellent time to have a good cry. Expressing your sadness is part of the cleansing process and letting it all out will help you move on to better times. Allow yourself the opportunity to experience these emotions, no matter how painful. Cry, shout, or scream at the top of your lungs. Do whatever it takes to express youranger or pain as this will help the emotions flow through (and out of) you.
106. Three of Swords Reversed
The Three of Swords reversed encourages you to pay attention to your inner thoughts and self-talk. Your words are powerful, especially those you repeat to yourself day after day. You may be prone to self-criticism, limiting beliefs and negative self-talk. You may identify with an ‘inner mean girl’ (or boy) who is constantly telling you why you’re not good enough. When you hear these negative thoughts come up, ask yourself whether you would ever utter these words to a friend or loved one and if the answer is a 'hell no', then why are you speaking these words to yourself? Look at how you can shift your thoughts towards the positive to reinforce your confidence. You have what it takes to be the person you deserve to be. You are on the path to recovery, realising that with every cloud comes a silver lining and you have other things in your life which bring you joy. You have reached a point where you can accept the pain and are ready to move forward. On the flip side, the reversed Three of Swords might point out that you are finding it very hard to move on from a recent loss or heartbreak. This card reveals that you are still suffering from an earlier loss and need to go through an emotional purging to free yourself from your past. You are doing your best to leave this behind and make a new life but still have a long journey ahead. Be careful that you are not getting stuck in the moment of grief, and instead focus on embracing new opportunities.
107. Four of Swords
The Four of Swords tells you to rest before you take on the next challenge. You have reached an important first milestone and must recharge your energy before the next phase begins so you are refreshed and ready to go. Even if you are highly productive and driven, take time out from your busy schedule to restore your energy and heal the body and the mind. Constant stress and tension will break even the hardest and most resilient of people but brief periods of rest enable you to refresh your energy, concentration and focus so that you are ready forthe next challenge. The Four of Swords suggests the need for seclusion. You need solitude tonegotiate your situation and time apart from others to gather your thoughts and feelings.In a practical sense, the Four of Swords is an indicator that you need to take some time to review your progress so far. This is an excellent time to re-assess your priorities. It is almost like conducting your own ‘post-implementation review’ following a major milestone or a significant challenge. Create time and space to evaluate what has worked well, what has not, and what you need to change. Pausing to reflect after each major challenge will position you well for success in the future.
108. Four of Swords Reversed
The Four of Swords reversed sends a powerful message that you need to take time out to rest and recharge your energy. You may be working long hours, giving your time and energy to others in need, or involved in a highly stressful and demanding undertaking. You are close to exhaustion, and your energy reserves are running low or on empty. If you do not stop and take some much-needed rest now, you may crash and burn-out completely, rendering yourself completely ineffective and unable to help anyone. The reversed Four of Swords is calling youto withdraw from your external world, and retreat within. Now is time for a social media detox, a weekend escape, or a silent retreat so that you can focus your energy within and find your peace once again. Use daily meditation to calm your mind. The Four of Swords reversed can show that you are restless and wanting to do everything at once. Even if your body is telling you that you need to rest and relax, your mind may push you forward, trying to carry out a long list of tasks and making you sick or stressed as a result. So it is vital that you force yourself to take it easy to make sure you do not run yourself into the ground.
109. Five of Swords
The Five of Swords turns up when you have had a falling out, disagreement or conflict, and you are walking away with a sense of sadness and loss. You may be upset and resentful over the heated words you said and now wish you could take back. Even if you won the argument or came out the apparent victor, you realise that you have lost as much as (or more than) your opponent. This battle has cost you trust, respect or dignity, and isolated you. As you try to pick up the pieces and set the conflict behind you, you find it‘s more difficult than you thought; others have lost faith in you and are keeping their distance. You will need to decide whether your point of view is so important to you that you’re willing to put your relationships in jeopardy, or if you can compromise and see eye-to-eye. If you have been engaged in a conflict and can see it taking its toll, the Five of Swords is an invitation to apologise. The Five of Swords may also point to failure. Be smarter and wiser next time.
110. Five of Swords Reversed
The Five of Swords reversed speaks for those times when you’ve tried to argue to the end, only to realise that you’ll lose no matter what. You’ve been pushing and pushing, but whoever is on the other end is not listening. And no doubt they feel the same. You’re both fighting to win, at the expense of the other person. And when you’re in this oppositional posture, you end up feeling awful – win or no win. As a card of conflict, tension and disagreement, the Five of Swords reversed shows that you want this period of fighting to be over so you can forgive and forget, and then focus your energies on more constructive activities such as restoring your relationship back to normal. You realise that there can only be losers in this battle and want to move on. The Five of Swords reversed suggests thatafter a period of conflict, you are ready to move forward with your life and create positivechange. Bring your energy back within and ground yourself.
111. Six of Swords
The Six of Swords shows that you are in a state of transition, leaving behind what was familiar and moving towards the unknown. You might be moving house, leaving a relationship, changing jobs, going through a rite of passage or a mental shift. This change may be your own doing or forced upon you, and you may feel sad to leave behind what is so familiar to you. However, you know this move is essential for your growth and personal development. The sadness over what you have lost (or released) will soon be replaced by greater mental clarity and a renewed acceptance of change. You will become a better person as a result.The Six of Swords invites you to let go of whatever is holding you back, be it from your past or your present circumstances. Instead gaze ahead to your future and choose the way most in alignment with your Highest Good and long-term potential. Similarly, the Six of Swords asks you to reflect on any emotional or mental baggage you may carry as you move from one phase to the next. In the boat stand six upstanding swords – a sign you are still carrying a heavy weight from your past as you move forward, which might slow your personal growth. These 'swords' may be memories, relationships, habits, behaviours, thought patterns and beliefs that are no longer serving you. Decide what you need to take with you and what you can leave behind.
112. Six of Swords Reversed
When the reversed Six of Swords shows up in a Tarot reading, you may be going through a personal or spiritual transition or rite of passage so you can leave behind a relationship, belief, or behavioural pattern that is no longer serving you. This is an intensely personal and private journey, and you are working in isolation to make it happen. You have identified what you must release to embrace a new way of thinking and are now bringing it to fruition in your personal life. At times, the Six of Swords reversed indicates that you know you need to make a change or transition in your life but are reluctant to do so.  That discomfort can be a positive sign that growth is happening, so feel into that energy and letit encourage you to keep moving forward and expanding yourself. In some cases, the reversed Six of Swords suggests that you are resisting change and transition because you believe that it has been forced upon you or you were not included in the decision. If you are trying to move on from the past but struggle to do so, the Six of Swords reversed suggests that there may be unfinished business, unresolved conflict, or lessons which you need to understand before you can wholeheartedly move forward in your life. What is holding you back from makingthis crucial transition?
113. Seven of Swords
Traditionally, the Seven of Swords indicates theft, betrayal, deception and trickery. You may be trying to get away with something and are sneaking around behind other people’s backs, hoping to go undetected. If you are lucky, you might get away with your secret intact.But if you are unlucky, others will soon find out what you have done, causing you shame and embarrassment. Be aware that any time you use cunning or deception to gain an advantage oversomeone or something else, you are at risk of being found out. And even if you are not, the cover-up will require a tremendous amount of effort, and it may not be worth it.The Seven of Swords also suggests that you may need to use shortcuts or the ‘backdoor’ to get what you want. Rather than dutifully following the process, you may need to find ways toresolve your problem quickly so you can move towards your goals. The Seven of Swords could also imply that you are trying to escape from a situation that is not working for you anymore rather than dealing with it head-on. You may attempt to run away from commitment, responsibility, hard work or love. You may procrastinate, letting problems slip and become worse because you do not want to deal with them. Sometimes you just have to face what has to be faced.
114. Seven of Swords Reversed
The Seven of Swords often appears reversed when you feel like a fraud and are suffering from‘imposter syndrome’. You may doubt yourself and your abilities. For example, if you have started a new business, you may ask yourself, 'Who am I to be doing this?' Know that this is fear talking. Get out of your head and trust that you have everything you need to make your new venture a success. As a card of inner deceit, the reversed Seven of Swords representskeeping secrets hidden from others. You may also be deceiving yourself, trying to trick yourself into believing something even though it is out of integrity with your true self.You may be harbouring a dark secret that you hope will never be revealed. Keeping this secretmay bring you stress and tension, along with deeper feelings of guilt and shame. While the thought of confessing may be horrifying, it will free you from the negative emotions you are experiencing. First forgive yourself, then confide in someone you trust. You will no doubt feel much lighter as a result.
115. Eight of Swords
The Eight of Swords reveals that you feel trapped and restricted by your circumstances. You believe your options are limited with no clear path out. You might be in an unfulfilling job, an abusive relationship, a significant amount of debt or a situation way out of alignment with your inner being. You are now trapped between a rock and a hard place, with no resolution available. However, take note that the woman in the card is not entirely imprisoned by the eight swords around her, and if she wanted to escape, she could. She merelyneeds to remove the blindfold and free herself from the self-imposed bindings that hold her back. When the Eight of Swords appears in a Tarot reading, it comes as a warning that your thoughts and beliefs are no longer serving you. You may be over-thinking things, creating negative patterns or limiting yourself by only considering the worst-case scenario. The more you think about the situation, the more you feel stuck and without any options. It is time to get out of your head and let go of those thoughts and beliefs holding you back. As you change your thoughts, you change your reality. Replace negative thoughts with positive ones,and you will start to create a more favourable situation for yourself.
116. Eight of Swords Reversed
The Eight of Swords reversed suggests that limiting self-beliefs plague you, preventing you from moving forward. You may tell yourself that you do not deserve to be wealthy, preventingyourself from receiving financial abundance even if it’s offered to you. Or you might conclude you are too old to lose weight, leaving you unhappy with your body and your health. The beliefs you hold about yourself are preventing you from achieving your personal goals. In light of this, change your belief system. Catch yourself when you are in a negative thought pattern and break the cycle. The Eight of Swords reversed also suggests that you are more prone to negative self-talk and suffering at the hands of your inner critic. You feel trapped because every time you try to do something, your inner critic tells you why it’s wrong or not good enough – so you give up trying altogether. On the positive side, when the Eight of Swords appears reversed, it can show that you are releasing yourself from negative patterns and belief systems. You can see the light at the end of the tunnel, and you can create a more positive reality for yourself by letting go of those self-limiting beliefs.
117. Nine of Swords
The Nine of Swords suggests that dark thoughts and disturbing feelings are weighing you down(and keeping you up at night). You are worrying excessively about a situation, and your negative thoughts are getting the better of you, leaving you stressed and anxious. The more you associate with your fears, the more they will rule your life. As you obsess over what’s not working, the more anxious you become and the more you will worry. It becomes a negative cycle where one awful thought leads to another, and another, and another until they overwhelm you. Just as the nine swords are stacked upon each other on the wall, so too are your negative thoughts. The Nine of Swords reminds you that much of the fear and worry you are experiencing is in your head and not necessarily an accurate reflection of what is happening around you. You may make things worse for yourself by over-thinking or obsessing over the worst-case scenarios. It is time to examine your situation from a new perspective. Instead of looking for evidence of what is going wrong, put your attention on what is going right. Take a deep breath and realise that life is not as dreadful as it seems and that the more you worry, the more harm you are doing to yourself.
118. Nine of Swords Reversed
The Nine of Swords reversed shows that you are experiencing deep inner turmoil as a result of your mindset. Your negative thoughts are taking you in a downward spiral of despair and anxiety that contradicts reality; you are making things feel much worse than they really are.You may try to keep your worries private and personal to you, but if you are struggling to keep your head above water, it may now be time to confide in others and seek their help and support. Others will offer you a new perspective, or even just a place to vent, that will ease some of the stress and tension. The Nine of Swords reversed appears when you are gripped by fear. You are allowing your fears to impede your fullest potential and it is stripping you of your life force. You cannot take a step forward because you are so distressed about what might happen. Get a reality check and evaluate which fears are warranted, and which are not. Release your limiting beliefs, crippling fears, and self-doubt.
119. Ten of Swords
The Ten of Swords marks a painful yet inevitable ending. It is as if this ending has come out of the blue and rocked your world. You could have never expected it, but now it has happened, cutting to the core and leaving you feeling as if the world has crumbled in around you. You are grieving the pain of this shocking loss and wonder if you will ever love or find work or trust again. The Ten of Swords is about letting go and accepting your current circumstances. You no longer resist change but allow it to happen, even if it causes initial pain and hurt to you. You recognise that there must be a change to facilitate renewal, and you allow it to occur rather than fighting it.
120. Ten of Swords Reversed
The Ten of Swords reversed indicates that you are combating an inevitable change or ending because you are not ready to face up to what is happening. However, the more you resist, the more this situation will continue to drag on, so it’s time to rip off the bandage (however painful that might be) and get this over with so you can start fresh. Trust that everything is happening for a reason and even though it may be difficult to understand what you are going through, know it is leading to your personal growth and regeneration in the long-term.The reversed Ten of Swords encourages you to re-evaluate your circumstances and let go of any aspect of your life that is no longer serving you. Rather than dwelling on your painful past, it is essential to look ahead and realise how these events free you up to reshape yourlife and choose a new direction for yourself. You can free yourself of your past and create a new sense of self. This card can appear as a welcome sign that the pain and sadness you have been feeling is ending. When upside-down, the swords in the man’s back look to be falling out, releasing him of the pain and hurt he has been suffering. You are releasing the memories of the past and allowing yourself the opportunity to move forward with a sense of renewal and hope for the future.
121. Page of Swords
The Page of Swords is full of energy, passion and enthusiasm. When this card shows up in a Tarot reading, you are bursting with new ideas and plans for the future. You may be excited about starting a new project, pursuing a new approach or learning something new. You have so much energy that you feel as though you could do almost anything – and you can! The challenge, however, is whether you can keep it up. As with all Pages, the beginning always looks promising, but you need something else to follow through and keep up the pace.You are exploring a new way of thinking – a new idea, a new perspective, new knowledge, or a new technique. You have a curious mind and a thirst for knowledge. You are exploring a different way of expressing yourself with others and communicating your ideas and opinions. If you are looking for a sign to move ahead with a new project, the Page of Swords says, ‘Go for it!’ There will always be challenges with whatever way you choose, and not everyone will be thrilled with your choices, but when it comes down to it, you need to follow your passions and go where your true energy lies. This Page encourages you to move forward and toget the wheels in motion, despite any challenges or setbacks that might stand in the way.
122. Page of Swords Reversed
The Page of Swords reversed can appear in a Tarot reading when you are holding back from expressing your truth, especially in a public forum. You prefer to express your thoughts and opinions privately or anonymously. Perhaps you like to keep a private journal, or you’rewriting a book just for yourself and nobody else. Or, you have a point of view about a public issue but have not defined your message. If you need a little nudge to go public withyour ideas and opinions, the reversed Page of Swords might be it. Let go of fear and shout your message from the rooftops! Reversed, the Page of Swords can also suggest you are actinghastily, without thinking things through. You have a lot of energy behind you but are not using it effectively. Tackle things one at a time rather than trying to manage everything atonce. Doing so will lead to more meaningful outcomes.
123. Knight of Swords
When the Knight of Swords appears in a Tarot reading, it is a sign that you are highly driven, ambitious and action-oriented. You are so highly motivated to succeed that you will stop at nothing to pursue your dreams. The challenges, difficulties and obstacles on the path ahead don't faze you because you know where you want to go. Move forward with sheer strength and determination to make things happen. The Knight of Swords suggests that you are quick to take action and tend not to plan ahead, instead preferring to dive right in. You thrive on high levels of energy that propel you forward and inspire you to take action to manifest your goals. The downside of the fast-thinking, quick-acting Knight of Swords is that sometimes you act too quickly and haven’t thoroughly thought things through. You may be unaware of potential challenges and issues that will stand in your way, or the unintendedconsequences of your actions. You may be prone to rushing things or cutting corners to get ajob done. Or, you may pursue a specific goal, thinking it is what you want, but later realise that it’s out of alignment or a dead-end. Sometimes a little planning and preparation can go a long way.
124. Knight of Swords Reversed
The Knight of Swords reversed can appear in a Tarot reading when you are brimming with energyand motivation but cannot effectively channel and release this energy. You are growing restless and frustrated because you want to take action, but something is holding you back.Perhaps the timing isn’t right, you don’t have enough resources, or you’re relying on someoneelse who isn’t ready. You need to find alternative ways to release this energy. Otherwise, you are going to burst. Similarly, the Knight of Swords reversed suggests that you have little direction and are making rash and impulsive decisions, pulling others down with you. Your thoughts are scattered, and you are constantly changing your mind. It will take mental discipline to see it through – are you up to the task?
125. Queen of Swords
The Queen of Swords combines the mental clarity and intellectual power of the suit of Swordswith the maturity and receptiveness of the Queen. You have the gift of being able to use your intellect and unbiased judgement while also remaining flexible and open to receive input from other sources. As you lead from the head and not the heart, you are better able to discern situations without the influence of emotion or sentimentality. You may believe that empathy or compassion towards others will distract you from the task at hand. Instead, you prefer to know the how, what, why, where, when and who of everything to help you makesense of your environment and better understand others. It is not that you do not care aboutothers, but you connect with other people through an intellectual understanding rather than an emotional one. As a determined, independent and resilient person, you have established clear boundaries, and you are quick to call out someone who crosses them. People do not messwith you, not because you threaten them or inflict violence, but because you set expectationsup front about how you want to be treated. Some people might be intimidated by you, but once they get past your tough exterior and develop a sense of trust and respect, they see your softer side.
126. Queen of Swords Reversed
The Queen of Swords reversed points out that you may allow your emotions to get the better of you as you put your heart before your head. You may be emotionally involved in a particular issue, and it could be distorting your perception of the situation at hand. You need to use your head a bit more to understand what is happening and read the signals more accurately. Take an objective look at what’s going on and decide what you need to do next.The reversed Queen of Swords suggests that your relationships are clouding your usually clear vision. You are allowing others to dominate you and negatively affect your ability to make decisions. You hesitate to pursue your plans because you don’t want to rock the boat ordisrupt your relationships with others. At the end of the day, however, you need to be more hard-edged, confident and assertive to be successful. Sharp analysis, objectivity, and careful consideration of (but not necessarily choosing) the alternatives are essential right now.
127. King of Swords
The King of Swords indicates that you have a clarity of mind and can perceive the truth, so it is up to you to take the lead with providing an objective point of view and making decisions based on impartial judgement. You are well-positioned to judge your situation appropriately and identify any limiting behaviours getting in the way. You are also masterfulat keeping your emotions in check while you draw upon your intellectual power and mental clarity to ascertain the truth. You cut straight to the point and get to the heart of the matter for maximum efficiency and impact. While you may worry that you are not being particularly caring or sympathetic with others, this detachment is what you need most right now. The King of Swords encourages you to use your logic and intellect to navigate the path ahead. You will need to make firm and well-researched decisions and stay fair in your dealings with others. You need to be able to take any situation, look at it with total impartiality, and then come to a balanced and insightful decision.
128. King of Swords Reversed
The King of Swords reversed represents ‘quiet power’. You may not be the loudest person in the room or the most visible on public platforms. However, you have a lot to contribute and share in your own, magical way. Your power and authority come from within, from your unwavering belief in yourself, your deep connection to your values, and your commitment to stand firm in your truth. You do not allow others to steer you off-course, instead preferring to draw your energy from your Higher Self and connect with what truly matters to you. The reversed King of Swords can also reflect a lack of decisiveness about where your best opportunities lie or in what direction you want to go. You may also lack the mental clarity to work out what you need to do in your situation. As a result, you are delaying necessary decisions and generally not achieving anything because you are getting so worried.
129. Ace of Pentacles
The Ace of Pentacles, like the other Aces of the Tarot, represents new beginnings, opportunities, and potential – and as a Pentacles card, these new beginnings correlate to the material world: finances, wealth, career, physical health and manifestation of your goals. You may receive a new job offer, an unexpected sum of money, a new business or investment opportunity may come your way, or you’ll have the chance to bring an idea to fruition. No matter the occasion, the Ace of Pentacles heralds a sense of prosperity and abundance in thematerial or financial areas of your life. It undoubtedly comes as a welcome invitation – butit is not a free ride. As with all Aces in the Tarot deck, this card illustrates the possibility of a new endeavour but does not guarantee its manifestation or success. That piece is up to you. See the Ace of Pentacles as your ‘green light’. It marks the initial stages of manifesting your goals and assures you that you can truly achieve what you have set your mind to do.
130. Ace of Pentacles Reversed
When the reversed Ace of Pentacles appears in a Tarot reading, you may feel hesitant about moving forward with an offer, invitation or opportunity, particularly one that relates to your career, finances or business. You may catch yourself second-guessing the timing or doubting whether you have what it takes to see it through. Don't move forward until you're ready. Assess the feasibility of your idea and its potential outcomes. Perform your due diligence and figure out if this opportunity is meant for you or not. Furthermore, the Ace of Pentacles reversed advises you to be very careful with your expenditures. When the card is inverted, the coin looks as though it's about to fall out of the magical hand. Now is notthe time to get in over your head or take on any obligations with huge monthly repayments. Do not rely on the promise of a financial opportunity in the future (like a pay raise or a gift) either. Be pragmatic and allow a bit of ‘fat’ in your budgeting in case you are without employment or have a large and unexpected financial outlay.
131. Two of Pentacles
When the Two of Pentacles appears in a Tarot reading, it’s safe to say you are juggling your priorities, roles and responsibilities. This card notes you are doing an excellent job of balancing these different priorities, and you can take on whatever life throws at you; but this Two reminds you that the line between coping with these demands and losing control is thin. You need to manage your time, energy and resources carefully so you do not lose your balance. The Two of Pentacles often appears when you are busy, rushing from one thing to thenext, with little downtime in between. You may tell yourself that you haven‘t got enough time or you’re in a rush. However, remember that you don’t have to be busy to get things done. Sometimes taking a break is the most productive thing you can do. Similarly, the Two of Pentacles can appear when you are getting caught up in the day-to-day demands and losing sight of the bigger picture. If this resonates, ask yourself: What life do I want? And how can I reorganise my schedule to create the life I desire?
132. Two of Pentacles Reversed
In an inverted position, the Two of Pentacles warns that you are overcommitted and, at times, struggling to maintain your overloaded schedule or stay on top of your bills. Others might not see it yet, but the stress is getting to you and you may even catch yourself dropping the ball. Follow this card’s lesson and get organised. You may need to bring more structure to your responsibilities through budgets, to do lists, forward planning or a diary and effective time management. Turn down opportunities that are no longer in alignment with yourgoals. The reversed Two of Pentacles can also be a sign you are over-investing in one area of your life at the expense of others. For example, you may excel in your career, but have little time for your family or your partner, leaving them feeling disconnected and alone. While you may get away with a few late nights at work, there will come a time when enough isenough. Something has to give.
133. Three of Pentacles
When the Three of Pentacles turns up in a Tarot reading, take it as a sign to collaborate with others, creating synergies to achieve big results. The Three of Pentacles represents the value of different ideas and levels of experience in collaboration. There is no ‘us and them’ or any sense of superiority. Instead, each person has something to offer and is willingto learn from the others involved in the project. Everyone is getting the job done collectively and contributes to the group through active listening and sharing. As you work on projects with others, acknowledge the value that each person brings to the table. You will also learn from each member of the team when you see his or her unique contribution. As you implement your plans, you will realize that you have the skills, capabilities and resources you need to accomplish your objectives. See the Three of Pentacles as an encouragement that you are on the right track. You are competent at what you do, and you are making progress. Keep going!
134. Three of Pentacles Reversed
Reversed, the Three of Pentacles suggests you may be grappling with a lack of harmony with fellow team members, making it difficult to complete a project. You’re not on the same page as one another, or you’re not listening or valuing one another’s opinions and ideas. If thisresonates, you need to realign with the original goals of the project and make new agreements about how you will work together to achieve those goals. You may need to renegotiate timelines, resources, and the amount of energy you each put into the project. Given that the upright Three of Pentacles is about proper planning and organisation, the reversal of this card can suggest that you need to bring more systematic energy into your job. If you do not have a clear view of how you will accomplish your goals, then it will be beneficial to stop work momentarily and plan out your next steps at a detailed level.
135. Four of Pentacles
The Four of Pentacles asks you to examine your relationship with money. Are you accumulatingwealth and investing your money wisely while still enjoying your day-to-day life? Or are you desperately clinging to every coin, afraid to spend your money for fear that you do not have enough or could lose it forever? In its most positive state, the Four of Pentacles suggests that you have created wealth and abundance by maintaining a steady focus on your goals and acting conservatively. You are attentive to your long-term financial security, actively saving money and watching your expenses so you can accumulate wealth and live a comfortable lifestyle not just now but also in the future. However, the Four of Pentacles typically accompanies a scarcity mindset, especially with money and material possessions. Instead of spending your cash and enjoying a comfortable lifestyle, you are choosing to stockpile your finances, for fear you might lose it all or someone else might take it away. The Four of Pentacles can also suggest that you are placing too much value on money and material possessions. The broader lesson with the Four of Pentacles is to honour and respect money and wealth but don’t become so attached that you lose sight of what’s most important to you: friends, family, happiness and love.
136. Four of Pentacles Reversed
The reversed Four of Pentacles can appear when you are re-evaluating what’s important to you,especially when it comes to money and wealth. You may have placed too much value on materialpossessions and have now come to the realization that money and ‘things’ won’t make you happy – only love will make you happy. As a result, you may be loosening your grip on the need to surround yourself with ‘things’, in favour of seeking out more love and happiness in your life instead. You might be compelled to declutter your home or opt for a minimalist lifestyle. Money is no longer your number one priority and you are redefining your relationship with material possessions and money. The Four of Pentacles reversed can indicate that money is slipping through your fingers and your spending habits exceed your saving habits. You may be spending unconsciously, hoping it will bring happiness, but all it does is bring you more stress and anxiety as your bank balance declines. At times, the reversed Four of Pentacles can suggest that your love for money has turned to greed. You want more, more, more – but at what cost?
137. Five of Pentacles
The Five of Pentacles is a card of financial loss and poverty. You have hit hard times, especially when it comes to your work, career, finances, and material possessions. You mayhave recently lost your job, your home, or your financial security. You no longer feel safe because it has all been stripped away from you in one blow. Your ego may also be bruised, especially since success often correlates to financial wealth; losing either can be a humbling blow to your self-esteem and sense of self-worth. The upside is that this is a Minor Arcana card with temporary effects (rather than a Major Arcana card which has a longer-term impact). This, too, shall pass. In this time of need, the Five of Pentacles indicates that you feel isolated and alone. Just like the two people in the card, you feel as if you have been left in the cold. You may wonder, “Why is no-one coming to help me!?” Itmay appear as if no one cares anymore. However, since the windows in the church are lit up,help is nearby; but you are too focused on your problems to notice. You may be waiting for someone to come and help you when really, you need to be proactive and ask for help. You need to swallow your pride or let go of your fear of rejection and reach out. People are here to support you. Find them and let them know you need them.
138. Five of Pentacles Reversed
The Five of Pentacles reversed indicates an end to difficult times, particularly if you haverecently suffered a major financial hit or job loss. You may find new sources of income, a new job, or someone has offered to help you out while you get back on your feet. You may be starting to feel as if life is worth living again and regaining your self-confidence. Finally, you can see a way out of your financial difficulties and your hope is renewed. The reversed Five of Pentacles can sometimes illuminate the persistence of inner, spiritual poverty. You may feel as though something is missing or entirely out of place but are struggling to put your finger on what it might be. You may also feel isolated and alone, even in the company of many people. On deeper reflection, you may come to realise that you have placed too much emphasis on your material wealth and have neglected your spiritual well-being.
139. Six of Pentacles
You may be like the wealthy person in this card, sharing your wealth and abundance with others. You have accumulated great wealth and are now in a position to offer financial assistance tothose in need. You give generously through charitable donations, tithing or fundraising and enjoy the good feelings associated with helping others. Even if you are not financially wealthy, you offer up your time, energy, love and support to those who are in need, knowing it will be appreciated. Giving of your time or your wisdom is often just as spiritually fulfilling as giving away money or gifts, and the intangible gift of your presence is received just as well, if not better. There may be times when you wonder if you can truly afford to give generously to others – and the wise advice of the Six of Pentacles is to trust that every contribution you make is valued and will come back to you threefold. The Six of Pentacles is a card representing financial harmony. The amounts flowing in and out are in balance, and you are thankful for what you have and happy to share with others in need.
140. Six of Pentacles Reversed
The Six of Pentacles reversed reminds you to make sure you are also giving to yourself. A little self-care will go a long way, especially if you have been in giving mode for a long time. Consider buying a little gift to show yourself appreciation for everything you’vedone; maybe a massage, a beautiful box of truffles, or simply write a love note to yourself to say ‘Thanks for everything’. The Six of Pentacles reversed can suggest that while you are giving to others freely, they are not giving back in return. It’s a one-way street, and you may feel as if they are taking advantage of you. While you can’t change the other person’s response or force them to repay the favour (or the money owed), you can learn from the experience and decline to help in the future. Or, if you do decide to offer help again, suggest an alternative way to pay you back so there is still a healthy exchange of energy – perhaps they cook a meal for you or offer you a service in return. If you are struggling yourself, be careful that you do not over-commit yourself to others who seek your help. You may have a tendency to spend or give away more than you can afford. While a generous spirit is a wonderful quality, you need to ensure that you are able to support yourself while helping others.
141. Seven of Pentacles
he Seven of Pentacles shows you understand the value of putting in time and energy now for longer-term rewards and have a strong desire to invest in sustainable results. You are not looking for quick wins. You also want to make sure you are putting your attention on the right areas instead of wasting time and effort on tasks that will not deliver any value.When this card appears in a Tarot reading, see it as an invitation to step back from the day-to-day operations and look at the bigger picture. Celebrate what you have created and assess your progress so far. Are you on track? Are you focused on the right tasks for your goal? Similarly, if you are planning for the future, the Seven of Pentacles encourages you to take a long-term view and assess where you can best invest your time and energy for the maximum output. You do not want to keep putting your heart and soul into something if youwon’t reap the rewards for your work – and you have undoubtedly seen that some areas in your life are just energy-sappers.
142. Seven of Pentacles Reversed
The Seven of Pentacles reversed suggests your efforts may be scattered at this time and you are questioning whether you are investing in the right areas. You may outlay some initial money on things that will not produce ‘fruit’. Or, what you thought would make you happy is creating stress and anxiety and isn’t worth the effort. Examine where you are investing yourtime, energy and resources and make sure you are satisfied with your current progress and receiving a return on those investments. Use a prioritisation system to ensure you do not waste precious resources on areas that will not deliver results. As a critical strength, the reversed Seven of Pentacles can show that you know when to stop investing in something when you see little return. Some people are inclined to keep ‘toughing it out’, just becausethey spent time, energy or money and don’t want to admit defeat. However, you are adept at identifying when a situation is no longer delivering you any value and know when to pack it in and try something else.
143. Eight of Pentacles
The Eight of Pentacles is a card of apprenticeship and mastery. When this card appears in a Tarot reading, you are working hard to improve your skills and become a master at what you do. You may have recently changed your work, education or financial circumstances, and now you are applying your sheer determination and concentration to master the new skill that youare learning. You are diligent and hard-working and you are applying yourself fully to whatever is at the centre of your attention. As you do the same task over and over, you work your way towards mastery of your craft, and through your perseverance and unwavering attention, you create success. The Eight of Pentacles may indicate further education or study in order to hone your skills. You may already be proficient in a particular skill set, but you are now seeking to master those skills. You know that you will not learn these advanced skills overnight, but you are prepared for the journey towards becoming a master at your chosen expertise. More broadly, the Eight of Pentacles suggests you are working away at the finer details of the various aspects of your life, in an effort to continuously improve your situation. You may be unhappy with your current state, and you know you need to make some important changes in your life to increase your overall satisfaction. This card is a positive sign that you are committed to making those changes and to ensuring that you give yourself the best possible chance. Overall, this is a very hard-working and conscientious energy that is present in your life.
144. Eight of Pentacles Reversed
The reversed Eight of Pentacles can appear in a Tarot reading when you are focused on self-improvement and personal development. You are highly disciplined and focused when it comes to understanding your inner beliefs and behaviours, and you are dedicated to becoming the best version of yourself. You may have certain ‘rules’ such as only allowing yourself to think a negative thought for 17 seconds (knowing that after this amount of time it beginsto have an increasingly negative impact on your well-being), or recalling three things you’re most grateful for before you go to sleep at night. You are ready and willing to do these things over and over until you see results with your well-being and general happiness.Alternatively, the Eight of Pentacles reversed may indicate that you are focused on creating perfection, but to your detriment. When you focus on every tiny detail, you lose sight of the bigger picture and why you're doing the task in the first place. Similarly, your need for perfection may be getting in the way of your ability to adapt and change. You may like to have things done in a certain way, but what if the circumstances change? Can you adapt, or does it throw you into a tailspin? Know that perfection is a myth and surrender to the art of imperfection.
145. Nine of Pentacles
You have worked hard to create abundance in your life, and the Nine of Pentacles says now you can finally enjoy the fruits of your labour. Thanks to your independent efforts, self-confidence and discipline, you attained a well-deserved success and created a stable foundation for your material wealth and comfort. Now, sit back, relax and enjoy the luxuriesand pleasures of the good life – money, leisure time, fun, material comfort and rest. You deserve it! When the Nine of Pentacles appears in a Tarot reading, do not be scared to splurge, indulge or pamper yourself, especially as a reward for all of your hard work. Treat yourself to a special occasion or a personal gift to celebrate your journey here. You have already achieved so much, and while you may not be at the finish line just yet, this is your opportunity to acknowledge your achievements and re-energise yourself for the final phase.
146. Nine of Pentacles Reversed
The reversed Nine of Pentacles is all about self-worth. When you see this card in a Tarot reading, take the opportunity to reflect on your own sense of self-worth and value. On the one hand, you may question whether you are ‘enough’ – whether your skills are valuable, whether you can charge higher prices or ask for a pay raise, or whether you can attract the right people into your life. On the other other hand, you may focus on increasing your sense of self-worth. Invest in yourself – get a wardrobe makeover, learn a new skill to enhance your career or take a personal development course. Practice self-love.
147. Ten of Pentacles
The Ten of Pentacles is a positive sign that you have reached a point of completion and accomplishment in your journey. As a Pentacles card, this sense of accomplishment is likely to be the result of a successful career path, smart financial investments, a stable home environment and a possible committed and long-term relationship. You have accumulated wealthand abundance through your hard work and dedication and can now relish sharing this wealth with others. This is one of those cards that promise everything will eventually come together and you will be proud of everything you achieved. When the Ten of Pentacles appears in a Tarot reading, you are surrounded by wealth and blessed with financial abundance. There is no ‘wanting’ for any more; you have everything you need, especially within the material realm. You are financially secure and trust that, because of your personal successes and accomplishments, you will always have what you need and desire. You express sincere gratitude for fulfilling your material goals and dreams.
148. Ten of Pentacles Reversed
Upright the Ten of Pentacles is about wealth accumulation, an established family and home life, and attainment in the material realm. Reversed, you may question whether you want to live this way. Be ready to question your need for stability, security and commitment in yourlife. It may sound good on paper or might be what is expected of you – but is it what YOU want? The reversed Ten of Pentacles comes as a reminder that sometimes, wealth can be a trap.When you surround yourself with expensive things and live a luxurious lifestyle, you may want more and more and more, never feeling satisfied with what you have. The Ten of Pentacles reversed may show that you are experiencing challenges or setbacks with financial or job security and family stability. Your investments may have lost significant value, your marriage may be on the rocks, or your job may be at risk. It is time to re-evaluate your position and choose a course of action that will help you regain your sense of security and self-worth.
149. Page of Pentacles
The Page of Pentacles, like the Pages of all four Tarot suits, brings a welcome message of new beginnings, inspiration and the initial stages of a creative project or venture. Since Pentacles rule the material realm and correspond to the element of earth, this Page symbolises a burgeoning awareness of the value of money, wealth, possessions, career, and physical health, and how to manifest more of these material blessings. You welcome new opportunities to your material life – a new job, a new business, or a financial windfall – and wish to discover how to turn your dreams into reality. When the Page of Pentacles appears in a Tarotreading, you are tapping into your ability to manifest a personal goal or dream and may be in the midst of a new project such as a hobby, business venture, or the start of a new educational experience. You are excited about the possibilities and potential of what you put your mind to, knowing you can create whatever you want with focused intention and action.
150. Page of Pentacles Reversed
The Page of Pentacles reversed says you are exploring a new project or business idea, but you are not ready to move forward with it just yet. You may still be brainstorming ideas andwould prefer to keep it a secret for now. Or, you may worry that you do not have the skills or resources for it to succeed, so you are putting the idea on hold or procrastinating. If the opportunity continues to present itself to you, and you want to move forward, trust thatyou have what you need now and the rest will develop as you progress. The reversed Page of Pentacles can suggest that you are trying to get a specific project or idea off the ground, but each time you try, it seems to amount to nothing or takes you even further away from where you want to be. Maybe you have not planned sufficiently, you’ve lost sight of your original inspiration, or you are trying too hard. Give yourself some space and step away from the project for a short period so you can re-energise and re-focus before trying again.You may also be too busy daydreaming about new goals, without having taken any action on your original ones. So, you need to review your goals and think again about why you were initially motivated to achieve them. Imagine what it will be like once you accomplish that goal and re-commit to the actions required to make your dreams a reality.
151. Knight of Pentacles
The Knight of Pentacles, like the Knights of the other suits, represents work, effort, and the responsibility that follows upon the dreams and ideals of the Page. This Knight is the most hard-working, methodical and detailed-oriented character of the Tarot deck. He may not be the most inspiring or creative Knight, but he’ll do the work to get the results he seeks,even if that work is highly repetitive or routine. When this card appears in a Tarot reading,you are working methodically towards your goals. You have a plan in place and are sticking to your schedule to get the job done. You may not work particularly quickly, but you are consistent, dedicated and committed to your goal. Put one foot in front of the other and finish the job. This card also asks you to continue doing what you are doing, plodding along and making gradual progress. No need to change your approach. Go with the flow, stick to your usual routines, and over time, you will reach your goals.
152. Knight of Pentacles Reversed
Do you need greater self-discipline and commitment to achieve your goals? Instead of trying new things or dreaming up more ideas, the reversed Knight of Pentacles encourages you to establish a schedule or routine for yourself and stick to it until you have completed your assigned task. The reversed Knight of Pentacles may also point to a journey of self-development or improvement, in which a routine will support your success. For example, you may create a healthy eating plan or exercise schedule for yourself to help you become more fit and healthy. You may also need to pay more attention to the practical matters in your life that you have ignored recently. Mundane activities such as home upkeep, money matters, business relationships and moving forward in your career have been left by the wayside as you focus on more exciting or important opportunities. Depending on what is on your plate, you may want to make more time to get your life in order, or you may continue tofocus on more pressing priorities.
153. Queen of Pentacles
The Queen of Pentacles is the nurturing mother of the material world. At home, she shows her love for others by cooking nutritious meals, maintaining a clean and inviting home, and giving warm cuddles to those who need it most. She is also able to work a full-time job and make a financial contribution to the household, often as the primary breadwinner. She is masterful at taking care of the practical needs of work, home and family, while also giving her love and support to those she cares about. When the Queen of Pentacles appears in a Tarot reading, you are embodying the ultimate working parent archetype. You care for your family and domestic responsibilities while also making a living for yourself and creating financial abundance. You can maintain a healthy balance between home and work by integratingthe two and finding your place of ‘flow’ and alignment. You strive to create a warm and secure environment for your family and loved ones while giving your love and support freely.
154. Queen of Pentacles Reversed
When the Queen of Pentacles is upright, you are focused on nurturing and providing for others; when reversed, you are turning that caring energy to yourself. You are creating financial independence, perhaps working for yourself, starting your own business or supporting your lifestyle with your income. You may still be in a partnership or family, but you are keen to ensure that you can sustain your own lifestyle, now and in the future, by yourself. You may have a separate savings account or a long-term investment plan to ensure that you can take care of yourself if need be. The Queen of Pentacles reversed also suggests that you are nurturing yourself on a personal level. You may be preparing nutritious meals, going on retreat alone, and generally paying more attention to yourself and your needs. You are tending to yourself, knowing that to care for others, you need to first care for yourself. Trust that work and family can survive without you for a short period of time while you focus on you.
155. King of Pentacles
The King of Pentacles represents material wealth, financial abundance, and worldly success. This King is a faithful provider; he uses his ambition and confidence to create wealth for himself and others and generates his self-worth from what he has accumulated and can share with others. He is also a fatherly figure who provides others with advice, guidance and wisdom, especially in financial and work-related matters. When the King of Pentacles appears in a Tarot reading, you are confident and successful at attracting and managing wealth. Not only do you identify opportunities for growth and success, but you also draw upon your self-discipline and control to manage your wealth and invest it wisely for the long-term. The King of Pentacles knows that a methodical, planned and well-thought-out approach will lead you to success. You have experimented in the past with what works best and have landed on your own methods and practices you know will continue to work for you in the future. Continue down this path rather than trying new ways of doing things. You do not need to take any more risks.
156. King of Pentacles Reversed
The King of Pentacles reversed asks you to look at your relationship with money and wealth. On the one hand, you may not be managing your wealth well. You may attract large sums of money through your business enterprises or a high-flying career, but as soon as the cash hits your bank account, it’s on its way out again as you splurge on expensive items or invest in high-risk opportunities. You are not treating your money with respect, and instead, need to draw upon your self-discipline and control so you can save for your future while still enjoying the fruits of your labour. On the other hand, you may be puttingmoney before anything else, negatively impacting your relationships and well-being. You may be a workaholic, over-investing in wealth creation and neglecting your loved ones. You may do anything for an extra buck, even if it means selling your soul and your integrity. You may be so impressed by other people’s status and social position that you kowtow to anyone ‘above’ you while dismissing anyone ‘below’ you. You might continuously name-drop and try toprove yourself by bragging about the people you know. If this resonates, step back for amoment and look at the greater impact of your obsession with money. Is it serving you in this state, or do you need to change?