1. The Fool 
Although you don’t know where you are going, you are being called to commit yourself and 
follow your heart, no matter the drastic leap of faith it might seem to be. The Fool 
encourages you to have an open and curious mind. Now is a time of potential and opportunity 
to be daring and carefree. This card is the embodiment of a free spirit, your inner child 
and a playful soul. You never know what the future holds, but like the Fool, you must step 
into the unknown, trusting that the Universe will catch you and escort you along the way. 
Take a chance and see what happens.

2. The Fool Reversed 
You have conceived a new project but aren’t ready to bring it to fruition choosing to keep 
this idea to yourself. You worry that you don’t have the tools, skills and resources 
to succeed. You may fear the unknown, wondering “What am I getting myself into”. 
On the other hand you might be risking and acting recklessly in an attempt to live in 
the moment. But in the process you have disregarded the consequences. 
Look at how you can bring the free spirit of the fool without harming others. 

3. The Magician 
The Magician is the master manifestor. You have the spiritual (fire), physical (earth), 
mental (air) and emotional (water) resources to manifest your desires. Now is the ideal 
time to move forward on an idea. In your quest to manifest your goals, you must establish 
a clear vision of what you will create (and why) before you act. It is not enough to be 
motivated by ego (money, status, or fame) – you need to have a soul connection 
to your goals and intentions.When you are clear about your ‘what’ and your ‘why’, the 
Magician calls on you to take inspired action. You will need focused attention and 
intense concentration to bring your goals to fruition.

4. The Magician Reversed 
The reversed Magician shows you are exploring what you wish to manifest, but you are 
not taking action yet. You are uncertain if you have everything you need and may be 
unsure about how to make it happen. If you are already acting on your goal, the reversed 
Magician can be a sign that you are struggling to see progress or success. At its worst, 
the reversed Magician signifies greed, manipulation and trickery. You may be masterful at 
manifesting, but if you are out of touch with your Higher Self, you may only do it 
for your personal gain and at the expense of others.

5. The High Priestess 
This card teaches you that the world is not always as it seems and more profound 
influences are often at play. Now is the time to be still so you can tune in to
your intuition. The answers you are seeking will come from within, from your deepest 
truth and ‘knowing’. This is a signal that you are being called to embrace the Divine 
Feminine – your connection to your intuition, compassion, empathy, and inner wisdom. 
Regardless of your gender, it is vital for you to balance and integrate your masculine 
and feminine energies. Be proud of your ability to nurture, trust, sense, and 
empathise instead of hiding it away.

6. The High Priestess Reversed 
The reversed High Priestess calls on you to be still and direct your attention inward 
to listen to your voice and wisdom. You may be swayed by other people’s opinions or 
swept up in their drama when what you really need to do is focus on what is right for you. 
It is time to get quiet and withdraw yourself from the external world to observe what 
your inner guidance is sharing with you now. Ask yourself: Do I struggle to trust my 
intuition fully? Perhaps you doubt yourself or feel silly or guilty for listening to 
your intuition, and as a result, you deny your ability to tune in and receive this potent 
information. Have faith in the Universe and allow yourself to be in flow with its energies. 
Surrender and let go.

7. The Empress 
The Empress calls on you to connect with your feminine energy. Create beauty in your life. 
Connect with your senses through taste, touch, sound, smell and sight. 
Draw on these senses to experience pleasure and deep fulfilment. 
Treat yourself to a day spa, learn massage, enjoy a fine restaurant or spend more time with
your partner. Discover different approaches to expressing yourself creatively too. 
When you are in tune with the energy of the Empress, you will naturally take on her 
mothering nature. You feel a strong urge to nurture and care for others, from a place of 
loving compassion and support. Allow yourself the time and the space to enter a different 
frame of mind and receive the grounding spirit of nature into your heart and consciousness.
When you do this, you can reach higher planes of consciousness.

8. The Empress Reversed 
Reversed, the Empress encourages you to make self-love and self-care a priority. Now is the 
time to bring your loving energy and focus to yourself, especially if you have been giving 
away your personal power by placing too much emphasis on another person’s emotional or 
material needs. Too much emphasis on another person’s emotional or material needs, thus 
neglecting your own. The reversed can also suggest that you are feeling a creative block, 
especially in ‘birthing’ a new idea or expressing yourself creatively. You may worry 
whether it will be a success or if your work is appealing to others. 
For now, don’t bother about what others think. The important thing is that you are
allowing your creative energy to flow. 

9. The Emperor 
In general represents a powerful leader who demands respect and authority. 
Status, power and recognition are essential to you, and you are most comfortable in 
a leadership role where you can command and direct others. The Emperor reflects a 
system bound by rules and regulations. You create law and order by applying principles 
or guidelines to a specific situation. Create calm out of chaos by breaking down any 
problem into its parts and then mapping out the actions you need to take to resolve it. 
Be systematic, strategic and highly organised in your approach, and stick to your plan 
until the end. You may be a teacher, coach, boss, or just a good friend who likes to 
take what you have learned and pass it on so that others can be as wise and powerful as you.

10. The Emperor Reversed 
The reversed Emperor calls on you to assess your relationship with power, control, 
authority, responsibility and discipline. Are you expressing too much or too little of 
these elements in your life right now? Are they working for you or against you? The card 
can suggest an overuse and abuse of authoritative power surrounding you. Consider the 
role that power plays in your life. Seek to find a solution where you lead from a place 
of personal power and enable others to do the same. Power can be equally and 
constructively distributed – you don’t need to take it from others, 
nor do you need to give yours away. Sometimes, the reversed Emperor asks you 
to stand up to authority. You may feel fed up with an overbearing boss or 
a hierarchical organisation and feel compelled to enter a more flexible and adaptive environment. 

11. The Hierophant 
Before you can discover your own belief systems and make your own choices, the Hierophant 
encourages you to learn the fundamental principles from a trusted source. 
Work with a teacher, mentor, or guide to teach you about spiritual values and beliefs in 
a structured way. He may be an authority or a kind and generous mentor who nurtures your 
spiritual awareness and helps you access the Divine by understanding the traditions and 
core principles. You may also undertake a period of formal study as you delve into a 
subject that has been widely explored and documented. If you have already mastered a 
particular field of study, you may be taking on the role of teacher and mentor to others. 
In this position, you honour and acknowledge your responsibility to share your knowledge 
in a structured way, one that respects the age-old traditions. 
This card is about identifying with others and a way of thinking that will prompt further learning.

12. The Hierophant Reversed 
The reversed Hierophant reminds you that you are your own teacher. 
All the wisdom you seek comes from within – not from some external source or power. 
You are being guided to follow your own path and adopt your own spiritual belief systems 
rather than blindly following others. You no longer need external approval to succeed. 
You are ready to go it alone and do it your way, even if that means going against convention. 
Give yourself permission to trust your inner guidance system as you create your own 
path forward. This card is about challenging the status quo. You see alternative ways 
of viewing the world and are ready to test the very ideas and concepts you were taught 
were the ‘truth’. Encourage yourself to examine ‘the way we do things around here’ and 
ask yourself whether it aligns with your values. You may have been running on autopilot 
so far and following the crowd, but now you see that changes need to be made. 

13. The Lovers 
The Lovers represents conscious connections and meaningful relationships, as well as 
open communication and raw honesty. At its heart, the Lovers is about choice. 
The choice about who you want to be in this lifetime, how you connect with others 
and on what level, and about what you will and won’t stand for. 
To make good choices, you need to be clear about your personal beliefs and 
values – and stay true to them. Not all decisions will be easy either. 
Which can be a sign that you are facing a moral dilemma and must consider 
all consequences before acting. Your values system is being challenged. 
Do not carry out a decision based on fear or worry or guilt or shame. 
Now, more than ever, you must choose love – love for yourself, love for 
others and love for the Universe. Choose the best version of yourself.

14. The Lovers Reversed 
Now might be a time when you’re out of sync with those around you, particularly your 
loved ones. You may find your relationships are strained and communication is challenging. 
Does it seem as if you are just not on the same page and no longer share the same values? 
If so, come back to the reason you have this person in your life. 
If you love them unconditionally, know this moment shall pass and the best 
you can do is bring love and compassion to the situation. In other cases, 
you may realise that you have simply grown apart and it’s time to move on. 
You may be reluctant to open your heart to the relationship for fear of getting hurt. 
The reversed Lovers also speaks to self-love and respect. 
To what extent do you honour and accept who you are and the value you offer in this world? 
Be mindful, too, if you look at other people and wish you were more like them. 

15. The Chariot
The Chariot is a card of willpower, determination and strength. You have discovered how 
to make decisions in alignment with your values, and now you are taking action on those 
decisions. Now isn’t the time to be passive in the hope that things will work out in your 
favour. Take focused action and stick to the course, no matter what challenges may 
come your way. If you are curious about whether you have what it takes to achieve 
your aim or complete an important project, the Chariot is a sign you will be successful 
so long as you keep your focus and remain confident in your abilities. 
Be bold in expressing your desires and laying down your boundaries; otherwise, 
you will not get your way. You need to have faith in yourself and know fundamentally 
who you are and what you stand for. 

16. The Chariot Reversed 
The reversed chariot tells you to slow down on an idea or project, you might be trying 
to push a project forward when really, you ought to back off or change direction. 
Or you might have lost your motivation and no longer feel as committed to the outcome
as you did when you started. So, if something is not moving forward as you planned, 
re-evaluate the situation and check in to see if it’s a sign that you need to change course.
Then ask yourself: Is there a deeper reason things have become more challenging? 
What lesson can I learn here? Similarly, the Chariot reversed suggests that you 
may be trying to manage every minute detail in your life – but in doing so, you feel 
even more out of control. Loosen your grip and let things run their course. 
Be open to offers of help and then be grateful for what you receive, even if it’s 
not perfectly aligned with your expectations. 
You do not always have to be in the driver’s seat!

17. Strength 
Strength card speaks to the inner strength and the human spirit's ability to overcome 
any obstacle. Strength is about knowing you can endure life’s obstacles. 
You have great stamina and persistence, balanced with underlying patience and inner 
calm at this time. You are committed to what you need to do, and you go about it in a way 
that shows your composure and maturity. You need to have the confidence to overcome any 
growing fears, challenges or doubts. You have got what it takes to see this situation 
through to its eventual end. You’re a loyal friend and a solid supporter, willing to 
step up and be present when others are in need, and you might also feel compelled to 
hold space for someone who needs your strength and support. 

18. Strength Reversed 
When the reversed Strength card appears in a Tarot reading, tune in to your current levels 
of inner strength, confidence and self-belief. Are you overflowing with self-confidence, 
or are you depleted? And how can you bring these aspects back into balance? 
Check in on your energy levels right now. You may be sluggish, particularly if you have 
been dedicating yourself to serving others or have been pushing hard to achieve a goal. 
The reversed Strength card is your invitation to take stock and restore your energy levels 
by resting and withdrawing for a temporary period. It’s vital that you take care of 
yourself so you can take care of others. 

19. The Hermit 
The Hermit shows that you are taking a break from everyday life to draw your energy and 
attention inward and find the answers you seek, deep within your soul. 
You realise that your most profound sense of truth and knowledge is within yourself and 
not in the distractions of the outside world. This card invites you to retreat into your 
private world and experience a deep sense of seclusion and introspection. 
You know that you need to take this journey alone or with a small, intimate group of 
spiritually minded people. The Hermit often appears when you are at a pivotal point in 
your life and considering a new direction. Through meditation, contemplation, 
and self-examination, you may begin to re-evaluate your personal goals and 
change your overall course.

20. The Hermit Reversed 
The reversed Hermit can go one of two ways: you are not taking enough time for personal 
reflection, or you are taking too much. If you struggle to connect with your spiritual self,
the Hermit reversed encourages you to create more space to meditate and reflect. 
It is time to go deeper into your inner being and rediscover your greater purpose on 
this earth. If you have already been spending a lot of time reflecting on your inner self, 
then the reversed Hermit may suggest that you may be taking this isolation thing too far. 
Are you becoming a literal hermit and cutting yourself off from others? Do not underestimate
the value of staying connected with others, even while you are going through your spiritual
journey. Be mindful, too, of other people’s needs. You do not want to become so absorbed in
yourself and your personal dilemmas that you shut out your family and friends.

21. The Wheel of Fortune 
The Wheel of Fortune reminds you that the wheel is always turning and life is in a state of 
constant change. If you’re going through a difficult time, rest assured that it will get 
better from here. Good luck and good fortune will make their return in time. 
This card asks you to be optimistic and have faith that the Universe will take care of 
your situation in the best way possible. Meditation and visualisation can reinforce your 
intention to bring increased abundance, good fortune and prosperity to you. 
Your life is about to turn in more positive directions if you are willing to grow and 
expand. Keep your mind open to all kinds of synchronicities and signs from the Universe. 
You may be coming to a critical turning point in your life. Opportunities you could never 
imagine are suddenly available to you, and you have the chance to make a significant change 
in your life. While it may be unexpected and unfamiliar, see this as an invitation to turn 
things around. 

22. The Wheel of Fortune Reversed 
You may experience unexpected change or negative forces could be at play, leaving you 
helpless. You have a choice: you can do nothing and hope things will get better, or you 
can act to improve your situation. See this moment as your opportunity to take control of 
your destiny and get your life back on track. The reversed Wheel of Fortune can also reflect
resistance to change, particularly if you feel it forced upon you. This card suggests that 
change has become a source of significant stress, and you may be trying to consciously or 
subconsciously stop events from running their course. Accept that change is inevitable and 
you will have a much-improved experience when you can go with the flow. On the positive side,
the reversed Wheel of Fortune might mean that you are finally breaking a negative cycle 
that has been present in your life. Perhaps you have realised how your actions have created
a repetitive situation and are now ready to break free from the cycle.

23. Justice 
The Justice card represents justice, fairness, truth and the law. You are being called to 
account for your actions and will be judged accordingly. If you have acted in alignment 
with your Higher Self and for the greater good of others, you have nothing to worry about. 
However, if you haven’t, you will be called out and made to own up to your actions. 
If you seek justice, then the Justice card is a positive sign that it will indeed be served.
The Justice card often appears when you need to make an important choice with the potential 
for long-term repercussions. Be aware of the impact your decisions will have on your 
well-being and the well-being of others. At its core, Justice is about the search for truth.
As you explore your truth, you will discover that things are not as clear-cut as you had 
thought. Be prepared to dip into the murky waters and explore what truth means to you. 

24. Justice Reversed 
The reversed Justice card can suggest that internally, you know you’ve done something that 
isn’t morally right. Others may not see it yet, so you have a choice: you can hide it 
and hope no-one finds out, or you can own up to your mistakes and take focused action to 
resolve the situation. Whichever you choose, you will need to live with the consequences 
on your conscience, so go with what feels right for you. Similarly, the card suggests that 
you are not willing to take full accountability for your actions and may try to ‘dodge 
the bullet’ and blame others for your mistakes. You are being dishonest with yourself 
and others – and your unwillingness to look beyond your own fears and ego blinds you 
to the broader lesson. The card can also indicate your inner critic is in full effect. 
You may be evaluating your every move and coming down hard on yourself when you misstep. 
If this resonates, start from a place of forgiveness and self-acceptance.

25. The Hanged Man 
The Hanged Man can sometimes reflect that you are feeling stuck or restricted in your life. 
What is holding you in this ‘stuck’ position? What is preventing you from moving forward?
The Hanged Man calls you to release the old mental models and behavioural patterns that no 
longer serve you so you can see your world from a new perspective and embrace new opportunities 
that would have otherwise been hidden from you if you didn’t hit the brakes. These ‘pauses’ can be
voluntary or involuntary. If you’re in tune with your intuition, you’ll start to have a sense for 
when it’s time to hit the brakes and put things on hold – before things get out of hand. 
But if you’re out of alignment and oblivious to those intuitive signs, the Universe will 
probably put things on hold for you, in the form of continued obstacles, ill-health, and 
breakdowns. When you sense the ‘pause’ coming, pay attention to it; otherwise the Universe 
will turn up the volume until you can’t ignore it any longer.This is your invitation to 
welcome these ‘pauses’ with open arms and surrender to the ‘what is’ – even if it is 
different from what you expected. Take time away from your routine to connect with a 
new way of thinking and seeing.

26. The Hanged Man Reversed 
Reversed, this card can show that you know you need to hit the pause button, but you are 
resisting it. Instead, you fill your days with tasks and projects, keeping busy and 
distracting yourself from the actual issue that needs your attention. Your spirit and body 
are asking you to slow down, but your mind keeps racing. Stop and rest before it’s too late.
You may already be in a position where everything has been put on hold, much to your 
frustration. The reversal of the Hanged Man can indicate a time when you’re getting blocked,
stuck or restricted because other people or other circumstances have left you on hold. 
While you feel resistant, it’s important that you surrender to ‘what is’ and let go of 
your attachment to how things should be.If your life has already been on pause for a period, 
the reversed Hanged Man may come as a positive sign that you can now move forward with a 
new perspective and a renewed sense of energy. The reversed Hanged Man can also signal that 
you are stalling a decision or action. You may think you’re waiting until you feel 100% 
ready – but guess what? You’re probably never going to be 100% ready.

27. The Death
The Death card is probably the most feared and misunderstood of all the cards in the Tarot deck.
It's more symbolic of the death of old patterns and belief systems. 
After a period of pause and reflection, the Death card symbolizes the 
end of a major phase or aspect of your life that you realize is no longer serving you, 
opening up the possibility of something far more valuable and essential.  
Death shows a time of significant transformation, change, and transition. 
You need to transform yourself and clear away the old to bring in the new. 
Death is also a sign that you need to learn to let go of unhealthy attachments in 
your life to pave the way to a fuller, more fulfilled life of deeper meaning and 
significance. Death teaches you to let go of outworn and outgrown ways of life and to 
move forward from them. Purge the old belongings, memories and baggage that are getting 
in your way.

28. The Death Reversed 
In the reversed position, Death can mean that you are on the verge of meaningful change 
but are resisting it. You may be reluctant to let go, or you may not know how to make 
the change you need. You still carry harmful viewpoints from the past that may 
interfere with a new opportunity. Because of your refusal, life has stagnated, and you 
feel stuck in limbo. Death reversed offers you the opportunity to embrace change rather 
than resist it. See what wonderful possibilities become available to you as you 
say ‘yes’ to change. As you learn to release the past and surrender to the present, 
the future becomes even brighter. On a another level, Death Reversed can show that 
you are going through a massive personal transformation, often in private and out of 
view from others.  You may not want to share this with others just yet – wait until 
your personal transformation has occurred, then share your story as a source of inspiration.

29. Temperance 
Temperance is the card for bringing balance, patience and moderation into your life. 
You are being invited to stabilise your energy and to allow the life force to flow 
through you without force or resistance. It’s time to recover your flow and get your 
life back into order and balance. This card calls on you to remain calm, even when 
life feels stressful or frantic. Maintain an even temperament and manage your emotions. 
You have learned to keep composed in stressful situations. Temperance asks you to take 
the middle path and accommodate all perspectives. Now is not the time to be highly 
opinionated or controversial. Be the peacekeeper and take a balanced and moderate approach, 
avoiding any extremes. This card shows that you have a clear, long-term vision of what you 
want to achieve. You are not rushing things along; instead, you are taking your time 
to ensure that you do the best job you can. 

30. Temperance Reversed 
Temperance Reversed is your invitation (or sometimes a warning) to restore 
balance and moderation as soon as possible. As they say, “Everything in moderation!” or, 
you may find you need 100% abstinence to break this negative cycle and bring your 
life back into balance again. This card may reflect a period of self-evaluation in 
which you can re-examine your life priorities. Internally, you may feel called in 
one direction, but your daily life may not match up to what is emerging. See this as your 
opportunity to align your higher vibration with your outer world. Temperance Reversed can 
be a call for profound self-healing. By creating more balance and moderation in your 
life, you open the possibility for such healing to occur. 

31. The Devil 
The Devil card represents your shadow side and the negative notions that 
constrain you and hold you back from being the best version of yourself. You may be at 
the effect of negative habits, dependencies, behaviors, thought patterns, relationships, 
and addictions. This card often appears when you have been tricked into thinking you 
have no control over your shadow self or these negative forces. To break free of 
these negative patterns, you need to acknowledge the hold they have over you and the 
impact they are having on your life.  see it as an opportunity to bring these negative 
influences into your conscious awareness, so you can then take action to free yourself 
from their hold. It may be a recurring pattern for you, and it will take a tremendous 
amount of willpower and strength to free yourself from their influence. 
But know this: it IS possible, and it is up to you to make it happen.

32. The Devil Reversed 
Often, when you are called to something ‘more’, you must deal with your shadows before 
you can step into this new version of yourself. It may be an addiction, 
unhealthy relationships, or a disengaging career. Let go of fear and release any 
self-imposed limiting beliefs standing in the way of your growth. The Devil Reversed calls 
on you to confront your inner fears and anxieties to free yourself from the chains that 
bind you to your limiting beliefs and unhealthy attachments. The Devil card can also 
appear in a reversal when you are going into your deepest, darkest places - 
whether or not you are ready. When you take this path consciously, you do so with strength, 
confidence and courage. You seek to understand your innermost shadows so you can 
either release them or integrate them into your life in a more constructive way. 
When you do it unconsciously, or with resistance, it can be very confronting as you 
may begin to realize you are very different from who you thought you were. 

33. The Tower 
When The Tower card appears in a Tarot reading, expect the unexpected – massive change, 
upheaval, destruction and chaos. Loss or any event that shakes you to your core, affecting 
you spiritually, mentally and physically. There’s no escaping it. Change is here. This can 
be very confusing and disorienting, especially when your core belief systems are challenged. 
But over time, you will come to see that your original beliefs were built on a false 
understanding, and your new belief systems are more representative of reality. 
The best way forward is to let this structure self-destruct so you can re-build and re-focus.
Change on this deep level is hard, but you need to trust that life is happening FOR you, 
not TO you and this is all for a reason. This destruction will allow new growth to emerge 
and your soul can evolve. The Tower card is your opportunity to break free from the old 
ways of thinking that have been holding you back.

34. The Tower Reversed 
The Tower Reversed suggests that you are undergoing a significant personal transformation 
and upheaval. This differs from the experience of The Tower Upright where the change is 
often because of external circumstances and may even feel forced upon you. Instead, with 
The Tower Reversed, you are instigating the change and calling into question your 
fundamental belief systems, values, purpose, and meaning. At times, The Tower Reversed 
can be a sign that you are resisting change and delaying the necessary destruction 
and upheaval. You may be in denial that change is occurring. However, You may go through 
a spiritual awakening. You may change your beliefs and opinions about important topics, 
realizing that you can no longer support older models. Or, in more dramatic cases, you 
may go through an existential crisis where you seriously question your life’s purpose. 
While this can be an unsettling time, trust in the process and know it is for the best. 
You are creating change and transformation so you can step into a new and evolved 
version of yourself.

35. The Star
As The Star follows The Tower card in Tarot, it comes as a welcome reprieve after a period 
of destruction and turmoil. You have endured many challenges and stripped yourself bare of 
any limiting beliefs that have previously held you back. You are realizing your core essence, 
who you are beneath all the layers. You hold a new sense of self, a new appreciation for 
the core of your Being. You are entering a peaceful, loving phase in your life, filled with 
calm energy, mental stability and more in-depth understanding 
of both yourself and others around you. You may also want to find or rediscover a sense 
of meaning, inspiration, or purpose in your life. You are making some significant changes 
in your life, transforming yourself from the old you to the new you and, in doing so, 
you are bringing about a fresh perspective: “Out with the old and in with the new!”. 
The Star also suggests a generous spirit. You want to give or share your wealth with 
others to help transform their lives. Yours is an open heart, and you now want to
give back the blessings you received so that others may benefit.

36. The Star Reversed 
Often, The Star Reversed is a test of faith. When confronted with a challenging situation, 
you can either crumble like The Tower or stand firm in your conviction that the Divine is
everywhere. You will also learn how to trust not only in the Universe but also in yourself.
Why this, and why now?! You may be desperately calling out to the Universe to give you 
some reprieve but struggling to see how the Divine is on your side. The Star Reversed 
also shows that you are disengaged and uninspired with life or components of your life. 
Reconnect to what is truly important to you and your soul’s purpose for this lifetime. 
Align your daily life with this purpose, and you will find new sources of inspiration.
The Star Reversed urges you to take time out for self-care and nourishment on a deeply 
personal and spiritual level. Your energy reserves may be well and truly depleted, 
so rather than pushing yourself even further, make time just for you.

37. The Moon 
The Moon represents your fears and illusions and often comes out when you are projecting 
fear into your present and your future, based on your past experiences. 
You may have a painful memory that caused emotional distress, and rather than 
dealing with the emotions you pushed them down deep into your subconscious. The Moon 
can indicate a time of uncertainty and illusion, when nothing is what it seems. 
Be careful of making fast decisions when The Moon appears because you may later 
realize you only had half the information you needed. Feel into situations rather than 
thinking what they mean. Let go of your conscious mental blocks or negative self-talk 
and allow your intuition to guide you. Your dreams, intuitions and inner guidance 
lead you forward toward higher levels of understanding if you listen and use your 
judgement to help interpret the messages of the subconscious.

38. The Moon Reveresed 
The Moon Reversed indicates that you have been dealing with illusion, fears, and anxiety, 
and now the negative influences of these energies are subsiding. You are working through 
your fears and anxieties, understanding the impact they have on your life and how you can 
free yourself from such limiting beliefs. This is a truly liberating and transformational 
experience. You may not be ready to face your emotions, pushing them to the side and 
pretending as if nothing is wrong. This strategy might work in the short-term, but 
eventually, you will need to resurface these emotions and deal with them head-on. 
When The Moon is reversed, you are being called to listen to your inner voice, and not 
the voice of someone else. Trust that the answers you need are already within you, 
and tune in to your inner guidance system to hear those answers. Pay attention to 
your dreams and intution! 

39. The Sun
This beautiful, warm energy is what will get you through the tough times and help 
you succeed. You are also in a position where you can share your highest qualities 
and achievements with others. Radiate who you are and what you stand for; shine your 
love on those you care about. The Sun connects you to your power base – not fear-driven, 
egotistical power, but the abundant, inner energy radiating through you right now. 
This card is also an energetic card. It reflects a time when you can expect to 
experience an increase in physical energy, vitality and general positivity. 
You are bursting with enthusiasm, invigorated and enjoying a wonderful sense of good health.

40. The Sun Reversed 
The Sun Reversed is calling to your inner child to come out and play! As adults, 
we get so lost in the hustle and bustle of everyday life that we forget how to have fun. 
But spend just a few minutes watching a kid play, and you realize how wonderful and 
carefree life can be when you learn to let go of your worries and concerns. 
When you see The Sun Reversed in your Tarot reading, see it as your permission 
slip to leave behind your work and responsibilities, even just for a moment, and play. 
Dance like no-one is watching, sing like no-one is listening, and let your heart and 
soul fly free. On the other hand, you may be too confident or overly optimistic. 
While you are confident, you may have become egotistical and out of touch with 
what you can achieve. Are you truthful to yourself and others? Or, are you trying 
to talk yourself up when you know you cannot deliver? If this resonates with you, 
then ask others for feedback and a reality check. Are you unrealistic? 
Is what you have set out to achieve achievable? Are you really as good as you think you are?

41. Judgement
The Judgement card often indicates that you need to make a life-changing decision, 
but unlike those associated with the logical Justice card, this decision requires a 
blend of intuition and intellect. You may be at a crossroads, aware that any choice 
you make will bring a significant change with long-lasting effects. Tune in to your 
Higher Self, trust your judgement and know you are on the right path. 
If you still need clarity on the situation, look to your past and life lessons to guide you.
you are close to reaching a significant stage in your journey. You have reviewed 
and evaluated your past experiences and have learned from them. All the pieces of 
the puzzle of your life are finally coming together to form one, unified picture of 
your life story. This integration has healed deep wounds, and you are now able to put 
the past behind you. You have found your absolution, having cleared any wrongdoings or 
regrets, and releasing any guilt or sadness about the past. 
This purging process will leave you refreshed and ready to take on any new challenges.

42. Judgement Reversed 
Judgement Reversed calls for a period of reflection and self-evaluation. Through 
meditation or quiet contemplation, you may arrive at a deep understanding of the 
universal themes weaving throughout your life and what you can do or change to avoid 
these situations. You may have kept them secret or hidden because you fear how others 
may judge you. To clear these past mistakes and regrets, and any associated guilt or 
shame, work on your self-forgiveness, self-acceptance, self-love, and release and freedom.
often appears when the Universe is trying to send you a message and invite you to 
something bigger, but you’re not listening. Maybe you’re afraid of the sacrifice you 
will need to make to heed the call, or you’re worried you are not ready to step into 
a more prominent role and just want to play it safe. With focused discipline, you can 
break the cycle of self-criticism and replace it with more positive messages of 
what is possible.

43. The World 
When The World card appears in a Tarot reading, you are glowing with a sense of 
wholeness, achievement, fulfilment, and completion. A long-term project, period of 
study, relationship or career has come full circle, and you are now reveling in 
the sense of closure and accomplishment. This card invites you to reflect 
on your journey, honor your achievements, and tune into your spiritual lessons. 
Celebrate your successes and bask in the joy of having brought your goals to fruition. 
All the triumphs and tribulations along your path have made you into the strong, wise, 
more experienced person you are now. Express gratitude for what you have created and
harvested. Finally, make sure you don’t rush into the next big project; 
celebrating your journey will set you up for success when you are ready for your 
next challenge. If you have not quite reached this point of completion, then you are 
very close! You may still need an added level of understanding to graduate to a 
higher level and enjoy real success. Look back at your past experiences and 
acknowledge how far you have come and what you learned along the way. If loose 
ends still remain, The World card asks you to bring them to completion.

44. The World Reversed 
The World Reversed suggests that you are seeking closure on a personal issue. 
You know, deep down, that to accept and embrace where you are now, you need to let 
go of the past and move on. Finding closure may be an intensely personal 
journey – something you manage through journaling, visualization, energy work, and therapy.
The World Reversed can also signify that you want to fulfil a big goal or complete a 
big project, but you’re not taking all the steps necessary to get there, but for whatever 
reason, you lose focus and slack off right at the end. You may opt for the easiest or 
quickest path to attain your goal, but it won't lead to the outcome you intend. 
You need to experience the trials and tribulations along the way so you can 
learn and grow. And when you do reach your goal, you will enjoy such a fantastic 
sense of achievement. Re-energize and remind yourself how wonderful life will be 
when you get the thing you’ve wanted for so long.

45. Ace of Wands 
As an Ace, this Wands card brings you pure potential – this time in the spiritual, 
energetic realm. Ideas are flowing to you, motivating and inspiring you to pursue a 
new path. You are open to receiving new opportunities that align with your Higher Self. 
A whole world of possibility is available to you. The Ace of Wands encourages you to follow 
your heart and live your passion. If you feel a strong pull towards a new project or path, 
but are questioning whether it will work, then this card gives you a gentle nudge to pursue 
your passion. You can always start out small, treating the project or idea as an experiment 
or trial. Then, if it feels good, keep doing it; and if it doesn’t, 
make adjustments and try again. Let your energy, dedication and motivation be your guides. 
Keep in mind, however, that the Aces represent potential but not guaranteed results. 
The Ace of Wands (or any Ace) is a seed that has yet to grow into something more 
substantial or sustainable. The opportunity on offer shows great promise, but it will 
be up to you to maximise it for the long term. See this card as the spark needed to fuel a 
massive fire, but remember that the flash itself is not enough to keep the flames burning.

46. Ace of Wands Reversed 
The Ace of Wands reversed suggests that you can sense an idea emerging from within but 
are uncertain what form it will take or how you will manifest it in the world. You may 
have energy and passion in spades, but you do not yet have a clear outlet to express them. 
You may be waiting for something else to happen before you pursue this idea. Or, you may 
prefer to keep your idea private until your confidence kicks in. All of these wonderful 
ideas are bubbling up, but now you must find a way to harness this creative energy to set 
you up in the long term. You're finding it difficult to define your purpose in life 
and what you want to create. To remedy this stagnation, you need first to focus on where 
your true passions lie; there is no point in working towards a goal if it does not motivate 
you. The reversed Ace of Wands may also be a sign that frustrating delays are impeding 
the progress of your projects and ideas. You are likely to feel very impatient, especially 
if you are action-oriented and have only just started to gain momentum in your activities. 
The key message here is: ‘Not now, but maybe later.’ Timing is essential for success, so be 
patient and wait for the best opportunity to move ahead.

47. Two of Wands 
You went through the discovery phase and know what you want to manifest – now you need to 
figure out how. You are exploring your options and carefully plotting out the path ahead, 
accounting for all possibilities and potential challenges. You are open to growth and 
exploring new territories, so long as you maintain a level of certainty that your efforts 
will work out in the end. It's more important that you establish a clear plan before 
proceeding. The Two of Wands is also about discovery, particularly as you step outside 
your comfort zone and explore new worlds and experiences. It may take courage to set out, 
but this card gives you the confidence of self-knowledge. It's more important that you 
establish a clear plan before proceeding. The Two of Wands is also about discovery, 
particularly as you step outside your comfort zone and explore new worlds and experiences. 
It may take courage to set out, but this card gives you the confidence of self-knowledge.

48. Two of Wands Reversed 
The Two of Wands reversed encourages you to draw your attention inwards and focus on your 
personal goals. Consider what is truly important to you and what lights you up. You may 
have headed in one direction, only to realise it wasn’t in full alignment with your deeper 
values and purpose. This card may indicate that you have a fruitful idea, but lack a clear 
strategy to move it forward. As a result, you are working haphazardly and inefficiently 
and not reaching your desired destination as quickly as you would like. 
If you are at a crossroads about which direction to take to fulfil your dreams, 
ask yourself: What do I really want? And what’s keeping me from getting it? 
You may have been opting for the easy path, when it is, in fact, the more difficult one 
that gives us the best opportunity for growth. The reversed Two of Wands can highlight 
that you are reluctant to step out into unknown territories despite the enormous potential, 
instead preferring to stick with what you know. Reconnect with your vision and why you are
here and know that you will need to explore new fields to reach your highest self. 

49. Three of Wands
The Three of Wands shows that your plans are now well underway and you are considering 
even more opportunities to expand your current strategy and maximise your ultimate potential. 
Everything is progressing steadily and as expected, thanks to your solid preparation and 
ongoing drive. You are becoming more aware of the opportunities that exist for you right 
now – and there are still more to come. To take advantage of this potential, you must stay 
committed to your path and be prepared to stretch beyond your comfort zone. Consider what 
you can to open doors to more development and self-exploration. This card encourages you 
to dream bigger than your limitations. Accept your vision and be confident you will 
achieve it.

50. Three of Wands Reversed 
The Three of Wands reversed suggests that growth and expansion are available to you, but 
you are choosing to play it safe and stay within your comfort zone. As a result, you are 
closing yourself off from new opportunity and limiting your potential. What’s holding you 
back? It’s time to spread your wings and fly. The Three of Wands reversed indicates that 
you have attempted to embark on your journey of personal development but did not accomplish 
your goals. Unexpected delays and creative blockages might have popped up on your path. 
There is disappointment, frustration and a general feeling that you may have just wasted 
your time by even starting on this path. What you might not realise, however, is that these 
setbacks are an essential part of your life’s journey and contribute to your personal 
evolution. The reversed Three of Wands can indicate that your plans might come to a grinding
halt with unexpected delays and other frustrating obstacles. You may need to wait on others
to complete a task, or you have under-estimated how much time the work involves. 
When planning, add buffer time, so external problems don‘t adversely affect you.

51. Four of Wands
The Four of Wands is a card of joyful celebration, blissful happiness and appreciation for 
the good things in life. It's the perfect time to celebrate with those you love most. 
You may commemorate a significant event or milestone. The Four of Wands can show that you 
are returning home or to the people and places familiar to you. You feel supported and 
secure, knowing you are with those who love you and care about you. Step back for a moment 
and enjoy the fruits of your labour. Acknowledge your hard work and give yourself permission
to take a small break before embarking on the next phase of your journey. 
In numerology, four symbolises stability and firm foundations, and with the 
Four of Wands, you are now enjoying a period of happiness and security. This card indicates 
a sense of harmony and balance as well as completion and thus denotes a time of peace and 
contentment in life that comes as the result of hard-fought efforts.

52. Four of Wands Reversed  
The Four of Wands reversed can indicate that you are celebrating the achievement of a 
personal goal. You do not feel compelled to proclaim this achievement to others, 
instead choosing to create your own special reward for the hard work you put in. 
You may also be in the midst of your journey and yet to reach the finish line, hence 
preferring to honor this mini-milestone privately. When you finally do arrive at the 
finish line, it’ll be worth celebrating with friends and family. Given the upright 
Four of Wands reflects stability, the reversal of this card can suggest that you are 
going through an upheaval during which you have little stability and security. 
While you know this is an important transition – one you need to make – it can be quite 
unsettling, knocking you out of balance and making you feel uncertain about your future.

53. Five of Wands 
In the Tarot, the Fives typically represent conflict and change. This card indicates that you
are in the midst of battle, tension, and competition with others and it is impacting your 
ability to move forward with your goals. Rather than being able to work towards a common goal,
you are running up against constant opposition. With the Five of Wands, everyone is fighting 
to be heard. But guess what? No one is listening. If you find yourself in this situation, see 
it as an opportunity to rise above the chaos and disorder. Take a moment to listen to what 
others have to say – even if you agree to disagree. The key is to tune in to one another and 
allow each person to make their case. Sometimes, this type of conflict and discussion can be 
very productive, such as with group brainstorming and problem-solving. Be open to this debate
as a positive contribution to improving the quality of your ideas and actions. The Five of Wands
also encourages diversity and differences of opinion. You may deal with people from different 
cultures and backgrounds and struggle to accept their way of living. Know that each person 
has something unique to bring to the table and that you will benefit by learning more about 
them and what they have to offer. Your role may be in identifying a clear strategy and purpose 
that can be implemented by all involved..

54. Five of Wands Reversed 
The Five of Wands reversed suggests that you are facing internal conflict and are unclear on 
where you stand on important issues. You have others around you who have strong views about 
what you should do and this is creating an enormous amount of tension and disagreement. 
This process is beneficial and will help you come to a well-researched and well-thought-out 
viewpoint. Know, too, that there is no right answer, and someone will disagree with the path 
you choose, so find the option that sits best with you. Align your head and your heart to 
discover a sense of peace within yourself.This card can also suggest that you have the tendency
to avoid conflict wherever feasible. You may find that any tension makes you feel uneasy, 
and you wish it would just go away. Some conflict can be useful, particularly if it is 
constructive and draws out the underlying issues in a way that then generates a better 
solution. Consider whether always avoiding such discomfort is the best way to go or if you 
are finding yourself compromising on what is important to you. 
The card can also be like a sigh of relief after a struggle. You are no longer up 
against so much competition and can just ‘be.’ On a more personal level, you have worked 
through your anger and hostility and feel more secure in your relationships. You do not have 
to prove yourself anymore.

55. Six of Wands 
The Six of Wands appears when you have reached an important milestone or achieved a 
significant goal, and you are confident, self-assured, and successful. You harnessed your 
strengths and talents to bring about a happy outcome in your endeavours and made it through
the chaos. Not only have you achieved your goals, but you are also receiving public 
acknowledgement for your efforts.  Be open to receiving love and support from your biggest 
cheerleaders, who are energised by seeing you succeed. Now is your time to shine! Keep in 
mind that you’re not quite at the finish line just yet. You still have some way to go, and 
challenges may sit on the path ahead – but take heart knowing you have the support of those 
around you and they are here to back you 100%. 

56. Six of Wands Reversed 
The Six of Wands reversed suggests that you have reached a significant personal milestone, 
but unlike the upright version of this card, you prefer to keep it to yourself right now. 
You may be uncomfortable receiving public praise for your work, or it may be such a private 
achievement that you have no reason to share it with others. Check in with yourself though: 
are you avoiding sharing it because you lack confidence or feel nervous about being too 
over-the-top? The reversed Six of Wands encourages you to create your own definition of 
success. If you have found yourself seeking approval and validation or comparing yourself 
to others, you may have stripped yourself of your personal power and self-belief. Rather 
than relying on someone else’s opinions of what is ‘successful’ and what is not, bring your 
energy and attention within and ask yourself, ‘What does success mean to me?’ At times, 
the reversed Six of Wands may suggest that you had a fall from grace and did not receive 
the public recognition you were seeking. 

57. Seven of Wands 
After the success of the Six of Wands, you are now in an enviable position and are being 
challenged by others who want to take your place. You worked hard to get to where you are, 
but some people covet what you have and are prepared to fight you for it. While it is 
flattering that they strive for your success, it also makes for a tense and competitive 
environment because you need to protect what you earned and must continually prove yourself. 
The Seven of Wands may appear when you hold a contentious point of view or wish to voice 
your opinion in a public forum. Be ready to support your argument and back yourself. 
Stand firm in your conviction of what you believe (and why) so that others do not topple 
you from your mountain of self-belief.

58. Seven of Wands Reversed 
The Seven of Wands reversed shows that external pressure is weighing you down, leaving you 
doubting yourself and whether everything is worth it. 
The Seven of Wands reversed serves as a reminder that you will not always win everyone over. 
There will still be challenges and opposition to your point of view, and you cannot keep 
everyone happy all the time. Thus, it is time to draw your line in the sand and say, 
‘This is who I am, and this is what I need right now’. There cannot be any compromise or 
negotiation at this stage; hold your ground with determination and courage. 
The reversed Seven of Wands may affirm that you are overwhelmed by the challenges and 
responsibilities in your life, finding yourself quickly snowed under and unable to look 
at the bigger picture. You may have taken on too many commitments and now want to focus 
your attention on only one or two things. You may also worry that you must compete against 
others, leaving you feeling somewhat inadequate and vulnerable. Rebuild your self-esteem and 
confidence and have faith that you can achieve what you set out to do.

59. Eight of Wands
his Eight is a dynamic card, containing a high level of energy that propels you forward to 
reach your goals at a much faster pace than ever before. You can expect to be very busy, 
but this is one of those ‘good busy’ periods during which you are enthusiastic about the 
progress you are making. This card  encourages you to go with the flow; don’t resist it. 
Everything is moving fast right now, so make the most of this forward momentum to manifest 
your goals and dreams. Allow the energy of the Universe to flow through you and propel you 
closer to your goal. Trying to slow things down because you’re not ready or you’re fearful 
about the unknown will just waste this opportunity. Use the energy instead to fuel positive 
change and produce significant results. 

60. Eight of Wands Reversed 
The Eight of Wands reversed suggests that you are charging ahead with an idea or plan, but 
you need to slow down and consider your next steps before continuing. You may miss something 
in your haste and be prone to making mistakes or poor decisions. Or, you may rush into things 
without a clear plan of where you are heading, instead of investing time into trivial tasks. 
The trouble is that with this approach, you never accomplish anything because you are jumping
from one idea to the next and finishing none of them. The Eight of Wands reversed can also 
warn that you are resisting change, trying to stop the flow of energy and movement. 
It will only make things harder, so let go and be in the flow. 

61. Nine of Wands 
The Nine of Wands comes as a sign that even in the face of adversity, you stand tall and 
strong. You may be on the edge of exhaustion, but you are resilient, persistent, and ready 
to do what it takes to get to the finish line. This card may also come when you feel battered
and bruised, having endured significant challenges and struggles along your path. Just when 
you think you are making progress, you suffer another setback. The Nine of Wands encourages 
you to keep pushing – you are so close to the finish line. Even if you want to give up, this 
is your final challenge before you reach your goal, so don’t let go of your hopes and dreams 
when you are so close to making them a reality. Stand firm in the face of your challenges, 
and you will achieve your goal.  Bring your conscious awareness to how you are proactively 
using boundaries to protect your energy.

62. Nine of Wands Reversed 
The Nine of Wands reversed suggests that you are struggling to keep working towards your goal.
The challenges on your path are relentless, pummelling you with setback after setback. You 
don’t know if you can cope with it anymore and may be ready to give up. Just know that you 
are oh-so-close to completing this challenge. Draw upon your internal resources – your 
resilience, inner courage, positive self-talk and mindset – to keep you going. You have it 
in you to turn this challenging situation into a fantastic success (and to help others facing
similar hurdles). Keep fighting – you’ve got this!

63. Ten of Wands 
The Ten of Wands notes that you are taking on an extra burden, a heavier workload, or greater
responsibility. Even though it is weighing you down and making things tougher for you, you 
understand it is only temporary, so you are willing to put in the hard work now to accomplish
your goal and reap the rewards later. Sometimes, the Ten of Wands appears when you are 
unconsciously taking on extra responsibility and finding yourself feeling weighed down, 
exhausted and burnt out. You may try to do everything at once, even though you know it is 
adding extra pressure to your daily life. The Ten of Wands asks you to stop and examine your 
current lifestyle or work. Assess which activities or tasks are urgent or important, 
particularly concerning your broader goals. Tens in Tarot represent the completion of a cycle,
and with the Ten of Wands, the end is in sight! You have been pushing yourself to your limits
and working very hard towards your goal.

64. Ten of Wands Reversed 
When the Ten of Wands reversed appears in a Tarot reading, it is often a sign that you are 
trying to do too much by yourself. In your effort to be everything to everyone, you have 
found yourself struggling under the weight of it all. Delegate and share the work – you 
don’t have to do it alone. And be firm in saying no to the things you know you can’t take on.
It is imperative you put your self-care and personal well-being first; otherwise you’ll burn 
yourself out and be of no help to anyone. It’s just like they say, 'Put on your own oxygen 
mask first before helping others'.

65. Page of Wands 
With the Page of Wands, you are inclined to give anything and everything a go. You embrace 
the opportunity to start out on a new journey or project and see where it takes you. You do 
not necessarily have a solid plan in place, nor do you really know where you are headed, but
you are excited about the possibilities.You have a gift for dreaming up new creative ideas 
unfettered by the burdens of everyday life. Nothing will get in the way of your dreams!
And while the appearance of the Page of Wands indicates that you are experiencing creative 
restlessness, notice that the Page is standing still and his staff is firmly planted on the 
ground – he is not going anywhere just yet. The Page of Wands can appear when a spiritual 
path or journey may be calling you. You have a curious mind and are intrigued to see where 
this call might lead. While you are very much the novice when it comes to this spiritual 
endeavour, you are open to the experience and keen to discover new levels of consciousness. 
You may benefit from working with a wise mentor, someone who has walked your path before 
and can now lead you forward

66. Page of Wands Reversed 
The Page of Wands reversed suggests that you can feel the stirrings of something new emerging 
within you, but you don’t know how to turn it into action. You may have the seed of an idea 
or a general sense that something new is coming, but you are yet to express it in the world. 
You do not need to take action yet – in fact, doing so may be detrimental since this idea is 
very much in the early stages of formation. Just ‘play’ with the idea and let it grow, 
develop and blossom into what it wants to be. Do not force it; sit in the creative void and 
allow it to open up to you. This card can also mean that you tried many new ventures or projects, 
but these have not turned out as you had hoped. You may have had the dream to start a new 
hobby or project with the view that it would lead to something bigger, but you realise that 
you took the wrong approach and it isn’t pointing to the growth and development you had 
expected. Your eagerness to start something new has been hampered by complexities, obstacles 
and opposition, which has resulted in a lack of motivation and indecisiveness about your 
path forward. You know that inspiration and understanding comes from within, rather than 
looking to others for the answers

67. Knight of Wands 
While the Page of Wands marks the initial spark of a new idea, the Knight of Wands shows the 
actual pursuit of that idea. When this card appears in a Tarot reading, you are charged up 
with energy, passion, motivation, and enthusiasm, and you channel that energy through your 
inspired action. You have a clear vision about what you want to create and, fuelled by your 
passion and inspiration, you are now moving forward with leaps and bounds to turn your vision
into reality. This card is your sign to go for it! In this light, the Knight of Wands gives 
you the feeling you can take on the world! You are so committed to your vision and purpose 
that you will stop at nothing to bring it to life. As you pursue your goals, your confidence 
skyrockets, and you realise that your potential is limitless. You can do anything! Be mindful 
that the Knight of Wands can express himself as an ‘act first, think later’ type of person. 
In your pursuit of action, you may be impulsive and impatient, expecting everything to be 
done yesterday. When you have a new idea, rather than acting on it straight away, take a 
moment to check in and see if it truly aligns with your goals and whether it needs to happen 
right now. 

68. Knight of Wands Reversed 
The Knight of Wands reversed may appear when you are actively pursuing a personal passion 
project or hobby. A fire has been lit within you, and now you are doing everything to move 
this passion project forward. You are experiencing a considerable build-up of energy but are 
unsure about how to channel it into the world effectively. You may have a creative 
restlessness, knowing that you are destined for something ‘big’, but you are restricted from 
taking action right now. You are at risk of acting impulsively, doing or saying things that 
you may later regret. You want everything to be ‘fixed’ straight away, but you do not allow 
yourself the time to think through what is best for you. Be careful, too, that you are not 
reacting instantly to everything that happens. Give your circumstances some space and time 
before you take action. 

69. Queen of Wands 
The Queen of Wands reminds you that you are upbeat, courageous, and determined. You are here 
to see through your creative visions and life purpose, even in the face of adversity and 
challenge. Highly self-actualised and self-aware, you know how to best channel your strengths
and weaknesses to achieve your goals. You are optimistic and full of ideas to share with 
others. You know what you want and how to get it, and are masterful at engaging with others 
to achieve your goals. Stay fiercely determined and focused on your goals while being friendly
and optimistic with those around you.  the Queen of Wands encourages you to get to know your 
shadow self, the lesser-known and sometimes darker side of who you really are. This doesn’t 
necessarily need to be a negative aspect of yourself, but could be something that most people
don’t know about you… yet! 

70. Queen of Wands Reversed 
The Queen of Wands reversed shows you have reached a place of self-respect and confidence. 
You know yourself on a deep level, and you are clear on your personal truth and belief systems.
You know what you stand for you and you are not easily moved by the opinions of others. 
You have also defined what success means to you, even if it differs from others' definitions.
If you have lacked in confidence, the Queen of Wands reversed invites you to bring your energy
and attention inward and focus on rebuilding your sense of self and your resilience. You may 
have handed your power over to others by paying too much attention to their thoughts and 
opinions. Now, you need to bring your awareness inward, so you can hear yourself and access 
your personal strengths and talents. Discover who you are and be courageous in expressing 
‘you’ in everything you do, even if it is different from what others expect of you.

71. King of Wands
When the King of Wands appears in a Tarot reading, it is a sign you are stepping into the role
of a visionary leader, ready to direct your people towards a common goal. You have a clear 
vision of where you want to go, and now you are manifesting that vision with the support of 
those around you. Others naturally gravitate towards you because you are charismatic, focused,
and determined, and they believe in you and your vision. The King of Wands reminds you to 
lead your life with intent, vision and a long-term view. The appearance of the King of Wands 
also suggests that an opportunity is presenting itself to you, and you now have the power to 
take on the challenge. You are the determining factor in this situation. If you want it to be
successful, it will. And equally, if you do not fully commit to it, this seed will struggle 
to blossom and grow. You can create any outcome you wish, so be mindful about your intentions 
and vision. You hold the power.  

72. King of Wands Reversed 
The King of Wands reversed suggests that while you are in a leadership position, you are not 
ready to step into that role. You may be the creative or visionary person in your work, but 
you have not yet developed a sense of comfort with leading others towards your vision. You 
may need to work on your leadership skills or enlist the support of someone who has a natural 
talent at steering others towards a common goal. At times, the reversed King of Wands can be 
aggressive and even arrogant in the pursuit of his goals. Be mindful that as you strive towards
your dream, you are not putting others off-side, dis-empowering them or taking their 
contributions for granted. Stay true to what’s important to you and keep focused on your 
personal vision and direction.

73. Ace of Cups 

74. Ace of Cups Reversed 

75. Two of Cups 

76. Two of Cups Reversed 

77. Three of Cups 

78. Three of Cups Reversed 

79. Four of Cups 

80. Four of Cups Reversed  

81. Five of Cups

82. Five of Cups Reversed 

83. Six of Cups

84. Six of Cups Reversed 

85. Seven of Cups  

86. Seven of Cups Reversed 

87. Eight of Cups 

88. Eight of Cups Reversed 

89. Nine of Cups 

90. Nine of Cups Reversed 

91. Ten of Cups 

92. Ten of Cups Reversed 

93. Page of Cups

94. Page of Cups Reversed 

95. Knight of Cups 

96. Knight of Cups Reversed 

97. Queen of Cups 

98. Queen of Cups Reversed 

99. King of Cups 

100. King of Cups Reversed 


101. Ace of Swords  

102. Ace of Swords Reversed 

103. Two of Swords 

104. Two of Swords Reversed 

105. Three of Swords 

106. Three of Swords Reversed 

107. Four of Swords 

108. Four of Swords Reversed  

109. Five of Swords

110. Five of Swords Reversed 

111. Six of Swords

112. Six of Swords Reversed 

113. Seven of Swords  

114. Seven of Swords Reversed 

115. Eight of Swords 

116. Eight of Swords Reversed 

117. Nine of Swords 

118. Nine of Swords Reversed 

119. Ten of Swords 

120. Ten of Swords Reversed 

121. Page of Swords

122. Page of Swords Reversed 

123. Knight of Swords 

124. Knight of Swords Reversed 

125. Queen of Swords 

126. Queen of Swords Reversed 

127. King of Swords 

128. King of Swords Reversed 


129. Ace of Pentacles   

130. Ace of Pentacles Reversed 

131. Two of Pentacles 

132. Two of Pentacles Reversed 

133. Three of Pentacles 

134. Three of Pentacles Reversed 

135. Four of Pentacles 

136. Four of Pentacles Reversed  

137. Five of Pentacles

138. Five of Pentacles Reversed 

139. Six of Pentacles

140. Six of Pentacles Reversed 

141. Seven of Pentacles 

142. Seven of Pentacles Reversed 

143. Eight of Pentacles

144. Eight of Pentacles Reversed 

145. Nine of Pentacles 

146. Nine of Pentacles Reversed 

147. Ten of Pentacles 

148. Ten of Pentacles Reversed 

149. Page of Pentacles

150. Page of Pentacles Reversed 

151. Knight of Pentacles 

152. Knight of Pentacles Reversed 

153. Queen of Pentacles 

154. Queen of Pentacles Reversed 

155. King of Pentacles 

156. King of Pentacles Reversed 